---
layout: post
title: Bruce Willis
---

<p>Bruce Willis is one of the most recognizable actors in Hollywood. He is best known for his roles in Die Hard, Armageddon, The Sixth Sense, and Pulp Fiction. Born Walter Bruce Willis on March 19, 1955, in Idar-Oberstein, Germany, Willis moved to New Jersey with his family when he was a child. He studied drama at Montclair State University and made his film debut in the 1987 film Blind Date.</p>
<p>Willis has starred in some of the most successful films of all time. His breakthrough role came in 1988 when he starred as John McClane in Die Hard. The action-packed film earned Willis critical acclaim and catapulted him to stardom. He then went on to star in a number of blockbuster films such as Armageddon, The Sixth Sense, and Pulp Fiction. Willis has also had success with his television career, most notably with the hit series Moonlighting.</p>
<p>Willis is known for his rugged good looks and his ability to play both action heroes and comedic roles. He has won a number of awards for his work, including a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama for his role in Armageddon. He was also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in The Sixth Sense.</p>
<p>Willis has also had success as a producer. He has produced a number of films, including The Whole Nine Yards and The Kid. He also executive produced the television series The Fifth Element.</p>
<p>Willis has also been involved in philanthropy. He has supported a number of charities, including the Make-A-Wish Foundation and the Red Cross. He has also been an advocate for gun control and has spoken out against the National Rifle Association.</p>
<p>Throughout his career, Willis has established himself as one of the most successful and recognizable actors in Hollywood. He has starred in some of the most successful films of all time and has won a number of awards for his work. He has also been involved in philanthropy and is an advocate for gun control. Willis has proven himself to be one of the most versatile and successful actors of his generation.</p>