---
layout: post
title: Selena Gomez
---

<p>Selena Gomez is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and producer. She is one of the most popular and successful young entertainers in the world today.</p>
<p>Born and raised in Texas, Gomez started her career in show business at the age of seven, when she was cast in the children's television series Barney &amp; Friends. After appearing in the series for two years, she went on to star in the Disney Channel series Wizards of Waverly Place. The series was a huge success, and Gomez's popularity soared.</p>
<p>Gomez has since gone on to become an incredibly successful singer. She has released four studio albums, two of which have gone platinum. Her singles have been certified gold or higher in multiple countries, and she has won numerous awards, including an American Music Award and two MTV Video Music Awards.</p>
<p>In addition to her music career, Gomez has also had a successful acting career. She has starred in several films, including Spring Breakers and Hotel Transylvania, both of which were box office hits. She has also starred in a number of television shows, including the Netflix series 13 Reasons Why.</p>
<p>Gomez is also an active philanthropist. She has worked with a number of charities, including UNICEF, the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and the Ryan Seacrest Foundation. She has also served as a Global Ambassador for UNICEF since 2009.</p>
<p>Gomez is an inspiration to many young people around the world. She is a role model for young girls, showing them that it is possible to achieve success in music, film, and television, while still being a kind and compassionate person. She has also been vocal about mental health issues, and has spoken out about her own struggles with depression and anxiety.</p>
<p>Overall, Selena Gomez is an incredibly talented and successful young entertainer. She has achieved success in music, film, and television, while also being a role model for young people and an advocate for mental health awareness. She is an inspiration to many and is sure to continue to have a successful career for many years to come.</p>