---
layout: post
title: Oscars 2023
---

<p>The 2023 Oscars are sure to be an exciting and star-studded event. It will be the 96th Academy Awards ceremony, and the anticipation is already building for what will be an unforgettable night of glamour and celebration.</p>
<p>The 2023 Oscars will be held on February 26th, 2023, at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood. This will be the first time the ceremony has been held at this location since the 2021 Oscars. As always, the event will be hosted by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.</p>
<p>The 2023 Oscars will be the first ceremony to take place since the Academy's introduction of a new award category for outstanding achievement in popular film. The new category is intended to recognize popular films that have achieved critical and commercial success. The Academy's board of governors has also recently voted to add a new category for best international feature film. The purpose of this category is to recognize the work of filmmakers from outside the United States.</p>
<p>The 2023 Oscars will also mark the first time in history that an animated feature film will be eligible for an Academy Award. This is an especially exciting development for fans of animated films, as it will give them a chance to see their favorite films honored at the highest level.</p>
<p>The 2023 Oscars will also be the first ceremony to feature a new system for nominating films. The Academy has decided to eliminate the traditional five-nominee system and instead will allow up to 10 films to be nominated in each category. This change is intended to make the selection process more inclusive and to give more films a chance at being recognized by the Academy.</p>
<p>The 2023 Oscars will be one of the most highly anticipated events of the year. With the introduction of new categories, the expansion of the nomination process, and the inclusion of animated films, the 2023 Oscars will be a night to remember. We can't wait to see who will take home the coveted awards.</p>