---
layout: post
title: Steelers
---

<p>The Pittsburgh Steelers are a professional American football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The Steelers compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member of the American Football Conference (AFC) North division. Founded in 1933, the Steelers are the oldest franchise in the AFC.</p>
<p>The team is owned by the Rooney family, and has won six Super Bowl championships, more than any other team in the NFL. The Steelers are one of the most successful franchises in the history of the league, having won the most division titles (22), conference championships (8) and Super Bowls (6) of any NFL team.</p>
<p>The Steelers have a rich history and a passionate fan base. The team has been home to some of the greatest players in NFL history, including Hall of Famers such as Terry Bradshaw, Joe Greene, Jack Lambert, Franco Harris, and Lynn Swann.</p>
<p>The Steelers have a long-standing rivalry with the Cleveland Browns, dating back to 1950. The rivalry has been dubbed the "Turnpike Rivalry" due to the close proximity of the two teams. The rivalry is one of the most intense in the NFL and is often referred to as the "Battle of Ohio".</p>
<p>The Steelers have a unique style of play, often referred to as the "Steel Curtain". This style of play is characterized by a strong defense and a powerful running game. The Steelers have had some of the best defenses in NFL history, led by the likes of Greene, Lambert, and Mel Blount.</p>
<p>The Steelers have also had some of the greatest offensive players in NFL history, such as Bradshaw, Harris, and Swann. The team has also had some of the greatest coaches in NFL history, including Chuck Noll, Bill Cowher, and Mike Tomlin.</p>
<p>The Steelers are one of the most popular teams in the NFL and have a large, loyal fan base. The team plays its home games at Heinz Field, located in the North Shore of Pittsburgh. The stadium has a capacity of over 65,000 and is known for its passionate fans.</p>
<p>The Steelers are one of the most successful teams in NFL history and have been a part of the league since 1933. The team has won six Super Bowl championships and has had some of the greatest players and coaches in NFL history. The team has a passionate fan base and a unique style of play that has made them one of the most beloved teams in the NFL.</p>