---
layout: post
title: What time is the Super Bowl
---

<p>?</p>
<p>The Super Bowl is the biggest sporting event of the year in the United States. It is the championship game of the National Football League (NFL) and is watched by millions of people around the world. The 2021 Super Bowl will be played on Sunday, February 7th, 2021 and will kick-off at 6:30 PM ET. </p>
<p>The Super Bowl is one of the most anticipated events of the year and is often referred to as the biggest game of the year. It is the culmination of a season long competition between the best teams in the NFL. The two teams that make it to the Super Bowl will have gone through a grueling 16-game regular season schedule and have won their respective division and conference championship games. </p>
<p>The Super Bowl is also a major event for television networks. It is the most watched television program of the year and brings in the highest ratings of any program on the air. The broadcast rights to the Super Bowl are sold to the highest bidder, usually a major network such as CBS, NBC, or Fox. </p>
<p>The Super Bowl is also a major event for advertisers. Companies pay millions of dollars for a single commercial spot during the game. The ads are often innovative and creative, and are designed to reach the millions of viewers that will be watching the game. </p>
<p>In addition to the game itself, the Super Bowl is also known for its halftime show. This year, the halftime show will feature the Weeknd, one of the biggest names in music. The halftime show is often a major spectacle and is watched by millions of people around the world. </p>
<p>The Super Bowl is also a major event for the city that hosts it. The host city is chosen several years in advance and the host committee typically plans a variety of events and activities to draw in fans and visitors. This year, the Super Bowl will be held in Tampa Bay, Florida. </p>
<p>The Super Bowl is a major event that is watched by millions of people around the world. It is the biggest game of the year and is one of the most anticipated events of the year. The 2021 Super Bowl will be played on Sunday, February 7th, 2021 and will kick-off at 6:30 PM ET. It will be broadcast on CBS and will feature the Weeknd as the halftime performer. So, mark your calendars and get ready for the biggest game of the year!</p>