---
layout: post
title: Morgan Wallen
---

<p>Morgan Wallen is an American country music singer and songwriter from East Tennessee. He has been making waves in the country music industry since he released his debut single “The Way I Talk” in 2016. Wallen has released two successful albums, If I Know Me in 2018 and Dangerous: The Double Album in 2021. He has had multiple hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart, including “Whiskey Glasses”, “Chasin’ You”, and “More Than My Hometown”.</p>
<p>Wallen was born in Sneedville, Tennessee on May 13, 1993. He grew up in a musical family, and started singing and playing guitar when he was just six years old. He was heavily influenced by his grandfather, who was a Pentecostal preacher and a country music singer. Wallen attended the University of Tennessee and was a member of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity.</p>
<p>Wallen’s music career began in 2016 when he released his debut single “The Way I Talk”. The song was a hit, reaching number one on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. His follow-up single, “Up Down”, also reached number one on the chart. Wallen released his debut album, If I Know Me, in 2018. The album was a commercial success, reaching number one on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. The lead single, “Whiskey Glasses”, also reached number one on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.</p>
<p>In 2021, Wallen released his second album, Dangerous: The Double Album. The album was an even bigger success than his first, debuting at number one on the Billboard 200 chart. It was the best-selling country album of 2021, and the third best-selling album of the year. The lead single, “More Than My Hometown”, reached number one on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.</p>
<p>Wallen’s career has been marked by controversy. In 2020, he was suspended from his label, Big Loud Records, after he was caught on video using a racial slur. He apologized for his actions and took a break from the music industry. He returned in 2021 with the release of Dangerous: The Double Album.</p>
<p>Morgan Wallen is one of the most successful country music artists of the past decade. His music is a blend of traditional country and modern pop, and his lyrics often reflect his own life experiences. He has had multiple hit singles and albums, and is continuing to make a name for himself in the world of country music.</p>