---
layout: post
title: Priscilla Presley
---

<p>Priscilla Presley is an American actress, businesswoman, and philanthropist. She is best known for her role as the wife of the late legendary singer and actor, Elvis Presley. She was born Priscilla Ann Wagner on May 24, 1945, in Brooklyn, New York, to parents Anna Lillian Iversen and James Wagner. When she was six years old, her parents divorced and her mother moved the family to Wiesbaden, West Germany, where she met her future husband, Elvis Presley.</p>
<p>The couple married in 1967 and had one daughter, Lisa Marie Presley, who was born in 1968. Priscilla and Elvis divorced in 1973. She was a devoted mother and businesswoman who worked hard to make sure her daughter was well taken care of.</p>
<p>Priscilla has had a successful career in the entertainment industry. She has starred in several films and television shows, including the television series Dallas, Naked Gun 33⅓, The Naked Gun 2½, and The Naked Gun 33⅓: The Final Insult. In addition, she has appeared in numerous television commercials, including for Diet Coke and the Elvis Presley estate.</p>
<p>In addition to her acting career, Priscilla is also a successful businesswoman. She is the founder and CEO of Elvis Presley Enterprises, Inc., which manages the Elvis Presley estate and oversees the licensing and merchandising of the Elvis Presley brand. She also owns Graceland, Elvis’ former home and now a popular tourist attraction.</p>
<p>Priscilla is also a philanthropist. She is a board member of the Elvis Presley Charitable Foundation, which provides grants to organizations that support music education, health care, and other charitable causes. She is also an advocate for the humane treatment of animals and has been a spokesperson for the Humane Society of the United States.</p>
<p>Priscilla Presley is an inspiring role model for many. She is a hardworking businesswoman and philanthropist who is dedicated to making a difference in the world. Her determination and commitment to her work is an example to us all.</p>