---
layout: post
title: Man City vs Arsenal
---

<p>The rivalry between Manchester City and Arsenal is one of the most intense in the English Premier League. Both teams have a long and storied history, and have been competing for the top spot in the league for decades. The rivalry between these two teams has been especially intense in recent years, as both teams have been competing for the title of Premier League champions.</p>
<p>Manchester City is a club that was founded in 1880 and is currently owned by the City Football Group. The team has been in the top flight of English football since the start of the Premier League in 1992. The team has won the Premier League title four times, most recently in the 2017-2018 season. The team has also won the FA Cup five times, and the League Cup seven times.</p>
<p>Arsenal is a club that was founded in 1886 and is currently owned by the Kroenke Sports &amp; Entertainment group. The team has been in the top flight of English football since 1919 and has won the Premier League title 13 times, most recently in the 2003-2004 season. The team has also won the FA Cup 13 times, and the League Cup two times.</p>
<p>The rivalry between Manchester City and Arsenal has been especially intense in recent years, as both teams have been competing for the top spot in the league. In the 2017-2018 season, Manchester City won the Premier League title, while Arsenal finished in sixth place. The following season, Manchester City won the title again, while Arsenal finished in fifth place. This season, Manchester City is currently in first place, while Arsenal is in ninth place.</p>
<p>The two teams have also faced off in the FA Cup and League Cup finals in recent years. In the 2017 FA Cup final, Arsenal defeated Manchester City 2-1. In the 2018 League Cup final, Manchester City won 3-0.</p>
<p>The rivalry between these two teams is one of the most intense in the Premier League, and it has been especially intense in recent years. Both teams have a long and storied history, and have been competing for the top spot in the league for decades. The rivalry between these two teams has been especially intense in recent years, as both teams have been competing for the title of Premier League champions. It is sure to be an exciting match when these two teams face off in the future.</p>