---
layout: post
title: Utah Jazz
---

<p>The Utah Jazz is an American professional basketball team based in Salt Lake City, Utah. The Jazz compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the Western Conference Northwest Division. The Jazz were founded in 1974 as an expansion team, and play their home games at Vivint Smart Home Arena.</p>
<p>The Jazz have had a successful history, making the playoffs in 27 of their 45 seasons, and making the NBA Finals twice, in 1997 and 1998. The Jazz have won six division titles and two conference titles. The team has had many great players over the years, including Hall of Famers Karl Malone, John Stockton, and Pete Maravich.</p>
<p>The Jazz have had some of the greatest players in NBA history, including Karl Malone, John Stockton, and Pete Maravich. Malone and Stockton are widely considered to be one of the greatest duos in NBA history, and their pick-and-roll play was revolutionary. Maravich, nicknamed “Pistol Pete”, was one of the most exciting players of his era and is considered to be one of the greatest shooters of all time.</p>
<p>The current core of the team consists of stars Donovan Mitchell and Rudy Gobert. Mitchell was the 13th overall pick in the 2017 NBA Draft and has quickly become one of the best players in the league. Gobert is a two-time Defensive Player of the Year, and is considered to be one of the best rim protectors in the NBA. The duo has led the Jazz to the playoffs in each of the last four seasons.</p>
<p>Head coach Quin Snyder has been with the team since 2014 and has helped the Jazz become one of the best teams in the NBA. Snyder has implemented a defensive-minded system that has allowed the Jazz to become one of the top defensive teams in the league. The Jazz have also had success on the offensive end, as they have been one of the best three-point shooting teams in the league.</p>
<p>The Jazz are one of the most beloved teams in the NBA, and their fans are some of the most passionate in the league. The team has a rich history, and their current core of players has the potential to take the team to the next level. The Utah Jazz are an exciting team to watch, and will continue to be a force in the Western Conference for years to come.</p>