---
layout: post
title: Richard Belzer
---

<p>Richard Belzer is an actor, comedian, and author who has been in the entertainment industry for over four decades. He is best known for his role as Detective John Munch on the NBC television series Law &amp; Order: Special Victims Unit. Belzer has also appeared in a variety of other television shows and films, including The Larry Sanders Show, Arrested Development, and The X-Files.</p>
<p>Belzer was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut in 1944. He began his career in the late 1960s as a stand-up comedian, performing in comedy clubs throughout the United States. In the 1970s, Belzer began appearing in small roles in television shows and films. He made his feature film debut in 1979 in the movie Hair.</p>
<p>In 1993, Belzer was cast as Detective John Munch on the NBC drama series Homicide: Life on the Street. The character was so popular that he was spun off into his own series, Law &amp; Order: Special Victims Unit. Belzer has played the role of Munch for over 20 years, making him the longest-running character on any American primetime series.</p>
<p>Belzer has also appeared in a variety of other television shows and films throughout his career. He has had recurring roles on shows such as The Larry Sanders Show, Arrested Development, and The X-Files. He has also had guest appearances on shows such as Saturday Night Live, 30 Rock, and The Simpsons.</p>
<p>In addition to his acting career, Belzer is also an author. He has written several books, including his autobiography, “I Am Not a Cop!”, and his novel, “The Belzer Solution”. He has also authored several comic books, including “The Belzer Bunch” and “Belzer: The Movie”.</p>
<p>Belzer is also an outspoken political activist. He has been a vocal supporter of progressive causes and has been an advocate for civil rights, LGBT rights, and environmental protection. He has also been an outspoken critic of the Iraq War.</p>
<p>Richard Belzer is a talented actor, comedian, and author who has been in the entertainment industry for over four decades. He is best known for his role as Detective John Munch on the NBC television series Law &amp; Order: Special Victims Unit. Belzer has also had numerous other roles in television shows and films, and is an author and political activist. He is an inspiration to many, and his career is a testament to his talent and hard work.</p>