---
layout: post
title: Patrick Mahomes
---

<p>Patrick Mahomes is a professional American football quarterback for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Chiefs with the tenth overall pick in the 2017 NFL Draft. Since then, he has become one of the most successful and popular quarterbacks in the league.</p>
<p>Mahomes was born in Tyler, Texas on September 17, 1995. He attended Whitehouse High School, where he was a three-sport athlete. He was a standout baseball and basketball player, but football was his passion. In his senior year, he threw for 4,619 yards and 50 touchdowns and led his team to a state championship.</p>
<p>Mahomes then attended Texas Tech University, where he played college football. He was a two-year starter for the Red Raiders, throwing for 11,252 yards and 93 touchdowns. He was also named the MVP of the 2017 Texas Bowl.</p>
<p>After college, Mahomes was drafted by the Chiefs with the tenth overall pick in the 2017 NFL Draft. In his first season, he was named the starting quarterback and led the Chiefs to a 12-4 record and an AFC West title. He threw for 5,097 yards and 50 touchdowns, earning him NFL Offensive Player of the Year honors.</p>
<p>The following season, Mahomes led the Chiefs to the Super Bowl, where they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 31-20. He was named the Super Bowl MVP after throwing for 286 yards and two touchdowns.</p>
<p>In 2020, Mahomes was named the NFL MVP after throwing for 4,740 yards and 38 touchdowns. He also led the Chiefs to their second consecutive Super Bowl appearance, where they defeated the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 31-9.</p>
<p>Mahomes is one of the most successful and popular quarterbacks in the NFL. He is known for his strong arm, accuracy, and ability to make plays with his feet. He is also known for his leadership and poise in the pocket, which has helped the Chiefs become one of the most successful teams in the league.</p>
<p>In addition to his on-field success, Mahomes is also a philanthropist. He has worked with organizations such as the United Way and the Special Olympics, and he has also donated money to charities such as the Boys &amp; Girls Club of America.</p>
<p>Patrick Mahomes is an incredible player and an even better person. He is one of the most successful and popular quarterbacks in the NFL, and he is also a great role model for young people. He is an inspiration to many, and his success and leadership will continue to make an impact for years to come.</p>