---
layout: post
title: NFL
---

<p>The National Football League (NFL) is the premier professional American football league in the United States. It is one of the four major professional sports leagues in North America, and the highest professional level of American football in the world. The NFL is composed of 32 teams, divided equally between the National Football Conference (NFC) and the American Football Conference (AFC). Each team plays a 16-game regular season schedule, and is eligible to participate in the NFL playoffs at the end of the season.</p>
<p>The NFL was founded in 1920 as the American Professional Football Association (APFA) and adopted its current name in 1922. It is the oldest professional sports league in the United States and is the most popular sport in the country. The NFL is characterized by a high level of parity between its teams, a long and storied history, and a passionate fan base.</p>
<p>The NFL is structured around a strict salary cap, which limits each team's payroll to a set amount. This structure has helped create a competitive balance between teams, as well as a salary cap floor, which ensures that teams do not spend too little on their players. This also helps to ensure that all teams are able to compete at a high level.</p>
<p>The NFL season begins with the NFL Draft, which is held in late April. During the draft, teams select college players who they believe will make the best contributions to their team. After the draft, teams begin training camp, which is a period of intense practice and preparation for the upcoming season. The regular season begins in September and typically runs through the end of December or early January. The regular season consists of 16 games, with each team playing one game against each of its divisional opponents twice. At the end of the regular season, the top six teams from each conference qualify for the playoffs.</p>
<p>The NFL playoffs are a single-elimination tournament that culminates in the Super Bowl. The winner of the Super Bowl is crowned the NFL champion. The Super Bowl is one of the most watched sporting events in the world, and is one of the highest rated television programs in the United States.</p>
<p>The NFL is an incredibly popular sport, and its popularity continues to grow each year. It is a league that is steeped in tradition, and its passionate fan base makes it one of the most exciting sports to watch. The NFL is a league that is constantly evolving, and its teams are always looking for ways to improve. Whether you are a fan of the NFL or just a casual observer, there is no denying that the NFL is one of the most exciting sports leagues in the world.</p>