---
layout: post
title: Daylight savings
---

<p>Daylight Saving Time (DST) is a system that adjusts the time forward and backward by one hour in order to make the most of natural daylight. It is used in many countries around the world, including the United States, Canada, and parts of Europe. The idea behind DST is to make the most of the daylight hours in the summer, while conserving energy in the winter.</p>
<p>DST was first proposed in 1895 by George Hudson, an entomologist from New Zealand. He proposed the idea after noticing that he had more time to collect bugs in the evening after the sun had set. The idea was met with resistance from many people, but it eventually gained traction and was adopted in many countries.</p>
<p>In the United States, DST was first adopted in 1918 as part of the War Time Act. The act was intended to conserve energy and resources by setting clocks ahead one hour in the spring and setting them back one hour in the fall. This was done in order to make the most of the daylight hours in the summer months and conserve energy in the winter.</p>
<p>Since then, DST has been adopted by many countries around the world. In the United States, DST is observed from the second Sunday in March to the first Sunday in November. In other countries, the dates and times vary. For example, in the United Kingdom, DST is observed from the last Sunday in March to the last Sunday in October.</p>
<p>The benefits of DST are numerous. By making the most of the daylight hours in the summer, people are able to enjoy more outdoor activities and take advantage of the warmer weather. This also helps to reduce energy consumption, as people are more likely to use natural light during the day and less likely to use artificial light at night.</p>
<p>In addition, DST helps to reduce traffic accidents by making roads safer during the darker winter months. Studies have shown that the number of traffic fatalities decreases by about 17 percent when DST is observed.</p>
<p>Despite these benefits, DST has its drawbacks. For example, it can disrupt people’s sleep patterns, as the change in time can make it difficult for people to adjust. In addition, some people may find it difficult to adjust to the change in time, as their body clocks may be out of sync with the new time.</p>
<p>Overall, Daylight Saving Time is a useful system that helps to make the most of the daylight hours in the summer, while conserving energy in the winter. It has numerous benefits, but there are also some drawbacks. Ultimately, it is up to individuals to decide whether or not they want to observe DST.</p>