---
layout: post
title: Megan Fox
---

<p>Megan Fox is an American actress, model, and spokesperson who has been in the entertainment industry since 2001. She is best known for her roles in the Transformers franchise, Jennifer’s Body, and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Fox has also been featured in several magazines, including Maxim, FHM, and Rolling Stone.</p>
<p>Fox was born in Oak Ridge, Tennessee in 1986 and began her career in 2001 when she was cast in the television series Hope &amp; Faith. She made her film debut in the 2003 film Holiday in the Sun and went on to appear in Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen, How to Lose Friends &amp; Alienate People, and Jennifer’s Body.</p>
<p>In 2007, Fox was cast in the blockbuster film Transformers alongside Shia LaBeouf and Josh Duhamel. The film was a huge success and Fox’s performance was praised by critics. She reprised her role in two sequels, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen and Transformers: Dark of the Moon.</p>
<p>Fox has also appeared in a number of other films, including Jonah Hex, Friends with Kids, and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. She has also been featured in a number of music videos, including Eminem’s “Love the Way You Lie” and Maroon 5’s “Moves Like Jagger.”</p>
<p>Fox is also a successful model and spokesperson. She has appeared in campaigns for Armani, Sharper Image, and Avon. She has also been featured in a number of magazines, including Maxim, FHM, and Rolling Stone.</p>
<p>Fox is an active philanthropist and has supported a number of charities, including the Red Cross, the World Wildlife Fund, and the Children’s Hospital of Los Angeles. She has also been an outspoken advocate for animal rights and has been involved in campaigns to end animal testing.</p>
<p>In addition to her work in film, television, and modeling, Fox is also a successful author. She released her first book, “The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success” in 2014. She is also a co-author of the book “The New York Times Best Seller “The Secret”.</p>
<p>Megan Fox is an accomplished actress, model, and spokesperson who has been in the entertainment industry for over a decade. She has appeared in a number of films, television shows, and music videos, and has been featured in a number of magazines. Fox is also an active philanthropist and has supported a number of charities. She is also a successful author, having released her first book in 2014.</p>