---
layout: post
title: Atomic Heart
---

<p>Atomic Heart is an upcoming action-adventure video game developed by Russian studio Mundfish and published by All in! Games. It takes place in an alternate version of the Soviet Union in an alternate timeline, where the Cold War has never ended and advanced technology has been developed. The game follows the story of a Soviet special agent, who is sent to a mysterious research facility in the middle of the Ural Mountains to investigate a strange occurrence.</p>
<p>Atomic Heart is set in an alternate version of the Soviet Union in an alternate timeline, where the Cold War has never ended and advanced technology has been developed. The game follows the story of a Soviet special agent, who is sent to a mysterious research facility in the middle of the Ural Mountains to investigate a strange occurrence. The player will have to explore the facility, interact with its inhabitants and unravel the secrets of the facility.</p>
<p>Atomic Heart features an open world, allowing players to explore the facility, interact with its inhabitants and uncover the secrets of the facility. The game features a non-linear narrative, allowing players to make choices that will affect the outcome of the story. The game also features a variety of weapons and gadgets that can be used to fight enemies and solve puzzles.</p>
<p>Atomic Heart also features a unique art style, combining realistic visuals with surreal elements. The game’s environments are highly detailed and feature a variety of interactive elements. The game also features a variety of enemies, ranging from robots to mutants and other strange creatures.</p>
<p>Atomic Heart has been in development since 2017 and is expected to be released in late 2021. The game is set to be released for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC. The game will also be available for PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S.</p>
<p>Atomic Heart is an ambitious project that promises to be an exciting and unique experience. The game’s unique art style and open world design, combined with its non-linear narrative and variety of weapons and gadgets, make it an intriguing prospect for gamers. With its release date just around the corner, Atomic Heart is sure to be one of the most talked-about games of 2021.</p>