---
layout: post
title: Rihanna
---

<p>Rihanna is one of the most iconic and successful music artists of the 21st century. With over 200 million records sold worldwide, she has become one of the best-selling artists of all time. She has also become a fashion icon, an entrepreneur, and a philanthropist.</p>
<p>Rihanna was born Robyn Rihanna Fenty in Saint Michael, Barbados in 1988. She began singing at an early age, and was discovered by American producer Evan Rogers when she was 16. She signed a record deal with Def Jam Recordings, and released her first album Music of the Sun in 2005. The album was a success, and spawned the hit singles “Pon de Replay” and “If It’s Lovin’ That You Want”.</p>
<p>In 2006, Rihanna released her second album A Girl Like Me, which featured the hit single “SOS”. The song was Rihanna’s first number-one single in the United States and helped propel her to international success. She followed up with her third album Good Girl Gone Bad in 2007, which featured the hit singles “Umbrella”, “Shut Up and Drive”, and “Don’t Stop the Music”.</p>
<p>Rihanna has since released seven more albums, all of which have achieved great success. She has collaborated with numerous other artists, including Jay-Z, Eminem, and Drake, and has won nine Grammy Awards. She has also become a fashion icon, launching her own line of fashion and beauty products.</p>
<p>Rihanna has also become a philanthropist, launching the Clara Lionel Foundation in 2012. The organization works to improve the quality of life for communities in need around the world. She has also been an advocate for education, health care, and women’s rights.</p>
<p>Rihanna has become one of the most successful and influential artists of the 21st century. She has achieved great success in the music industry, and has become a fashion icon, entrepreneur, and philanthropist. Her music and her philanthropic work have made her an inspiration to millions of people around the world.</p>