---
layout: post
title: Raquel Welch
---

<p>Raquel Welch is a legendary actress, model, and singer who has been in the entertainment industry for over 50 years. She is best known for her roles in the 1960s cult classic films, Fantastic Voyage, One Million Years B.C., and Bedazzled. Her career has spanned five decades and she has been a sex symbol for generations.</p>
<p>Raquel Welch was born Jo Raquel Tejada on September 5, 1940, in Chicago, Illinois. She was raised in La Jolla, California, and attended San Diego State University. She began her career as a dancer in the 1960s and soon became a model for the magazine, FHM. Her first major role was in the 1966 science-fiction classic, Fantastic Voyage. She then starred in the 1967 comedy, Bedazzled, and the 1968 prehistoric drama, One Million Years B.C.</p>
<p>In the 1970s, Raquel Welch starred in several films, including Myra Breckinridge, Bandolero!, and 100 Rifles. She also appeared in the television series, The Muppet Show, as well as the films, Mother, Jugs &amp; Speed, and The Three Musketeers. In the 1980s, she starred in the films, Cannery Row, The Legend of Walks Far Woman, and The Wild Life.</p>
<p>In the 1990s, Raquel Welch starred in the films, The Last of the Mohicans, The Bodyguard, and The Thomas Crown Affair. She also made several television appearances, including on the hit show, Roseanne. She also appeared in the films, The Mask of Zorro, Legally Blonde, and The Women.</p>
<p>Raquel Welch is one of the most iconic actresses of all time. She is known for her beauty, sex appeal, and talent. She has been a sex symbol for generations and is still considered to be one of the most attractive women in the world. She has been a role model for many women and is an inspiration to all.</p>
<p>Raquel Welch has been married four times and has three children. She has been active in charity work, including the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF). She is also a spokesperson for the American Heart Association.</p>
<p>Raquel Welch is a true icon and will forever be remembered for her beauty, sex appeal, and talent. She is an inspiration to all and will continue to be a role model for generations to come.</p>