---
layout: post
title: Buzz Aldrin
---

<p>Buzz Aldrin is a name that is synonymous with space exploration. He is one of the most famous astronauts in history, and is best known for being the second man to walk on the moon. Aldrin was born in 1930 in Montclair, New Jersey and was raised in a family of military veterans. He was a high achiever from an early age, graduating from West Point in 1951 and then joining the Air Force.</p>
<p>Aldrin's career in space exploration began in 1963 when he was selected to become an astronaut. He was part of the Gemini program and flew in Gemini 12. He then went on to become part of the Apollo 11 mission, which was the first mission to land on the moon. Aldrin and Neil Armstrong became the first two humans to ever set foot on the moon on July 20, 1969. Aldrin was the second person to step onto the lunar surface, and his famous quote "One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind" has become an iconic part of the space exploration history.</p>
<p>After the Apollo 11 mission, Aldrin continued to be involved in the space program. He served as backup commander for the Apollo 14 mission, and was a member of the Apollo 15 backup crew. He also served as a backup commander for the Skylab 2 mission, and was the backup commander for the Apollo-Soyuz Test Project.</p>
<p>Aldrin's accomplishments in space exploration have been widely recognized. He has received numerous honors, including the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the Congressional Space Medal of Honor, and the Congressional Gold Medal. He was inducted into the Astronaut Hall of Fame in 1993 and has been featured in multiple documentaries and films.</p>
<p>In addition to his space exploration career, Aldrin has also been active in other areas. He has written several books, including a memoir titled "Return to Earth". He has also been an advocate for space exploration and has spoken out in favor of a manned mission to Mars.</p>
<p>Aldrin is an inspiration to many, and his legacy will live on for generations to come. He is a true pioneer of space exploration and an iconic figure in American history.</p>