---
layout: post
title: Bobby Hull
---

<p>Bobby Hull is an iconic Canadian hockey player who is best known for his time with the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL). Born in Pointe Anne, Ontario, on January 3, 1939, Hull is considered one of the greatest players in NHL history.</p>
<p>Hull began his hockey career in the junior leagues of Ontario, playing for the Galt Black Hawks and the St. Catharines Teepees. During his time in the juniors, Hull was named the MVP in 1957 and 1958 and was also named to the All-Star team in both years.</p>
<p>Hull then made the jump to the NHL in 1957, joining the Chicago Blackhawks. He quickly established himself as one of the most dominant players in the league, leading the Blackhawks to the Stanley Cup Finals in 1961 and 1962. He was also named the NHL's Most Valuable Player in 1965 and 1966, and won the Hart Trophy as the league's most valuable player in 1965.</p>
<p>Hull's most famous accomplishment, however, was his invention of the "slap shot." Hull developed the technique of using a curved stick to shoot the puck with more force. This new technique revolutionized the game of hockey and is still used today by players all over the world.</p>
<p>Hull was also known for his off-ice activities, including his involvement in the World Hockey Association (WHA). In 1972, Hull signed a 10-year contract with the Winnipeg Jets of the WHA and became the highest paid player in hockey at the time. He also became the first player in hockey history to score more than 50 goals in a season, a feat he accomplished twice.</p>
<p>Hull retired from professional hockey in 1980 and was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1983. He was also named one of the "100 Greatest NHL Players" in 2017.</p>
<p>Today, Hull is remembered as one of the greatest players in hockey history. His legacy is still felt in the game of hockey, as his slap shot is still used by players all over the world. He is also remembered for his philanthropic work, including his involvement with the Bobby Hull Foundation, which provides financial assistance to families in need.</p>
<p>Bobby Hull will always be remembered as one of the greatest players in hockey history. His legacy of innovation and philanthropy will live on for generations to come.</p>