---
layout: post
title: Matteo Messina Denaro
---

<p>Matteo Messina Denaro is an Italian mafia boss who is believed to be the current head of the Sicilian Mafia. He is considered one of the most powerful and dangerous criminals in the world. He has been on the run since 1993 and is believed to be the most wanted fugitive in Italy.</p>
<p>Messina Denaro was born in 1961 in Castelvetrano, Sicily. His father was a prominent mafia figure and Denaro was exposed to the criminal underworld from a young age. He quickly rose through the ranks of the Sicilian Mafia and became a powerful figure in the organization. He was involved in numerous criminal activities such as extortion, drug trafficking, and murder. He was also believed to be involved in the 1993 assassination of anti-mafia judge Giovanni Falcone.</p>
<p>Denaro is believed to have taken over the leadership of the Sicilian Mafia in the late 1990s after the arrest of Bernardo Provenzano. He has been on the run ever since, evading capture by Italian police. He is believed to be hiding out in the rural areas of western Sicily. He is thought to have a network of loyal allies who help him stay hidden.</p>
<p>Denaro is known as an extremely ruthless and cunning criminal. He is believed to have ordered numerous murders over the years and is thought to be behind the killing of several public officials. He is also known for his use of violence to maintain control over his organization and to intimidate his enemies.</p>
<p>Denaro is believed to have a vast fortune, which he has accumulated through his criminal activities. It is estimated that he has amassed hundreds of millions of dollars over the years. He is believed to have invested some of his money in legitimate businesses, such as restaurants and hotels.</p>
<p>Despite his long tenure as a fugitive, Denaro is still believed to be an active member of the Sicilian Mafia. He is thought to be involved in the organization’s decision-making process and is believed to be the mastermind behind many of its criminal activities.</p>
<p>Italian authorities have been searching for Denaro for decades but have yet to capture him. He is believed to be one of the most elusive criminals in the world and has managed to evade capture for over two decades. The Italian government has offered a reward of up to 5 million euros for information leading to his arrest.</p>
<p>Matteo Messina Denaro is one of the most powerful and dangerous criminals in the world. He is believed to be the current head of the Sicilian Mafia and has been on the run since 1993. He is known for his ruthless tactics and vast fortune, which he has accumulated through his criminal activities. Despite years of searching, Italian authorities have yet to capture Denaro. He remains one of the most wanted fugitives in the world.</p>