---
layout: post
title: David Crosby
---

<p>David Crosby is a singer-songwriter, musician, and activist who rose to fame in the 1960s as a founding member of The Byrds and Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash. Throughout his career, Crosby has released over a dozen solo albums, collaborated with numerous artists, and received numerous awards, including two Grammys.</p>
<p>Born in Los Angeles, California in 1941, Crosby was exposed to music at an early age. His father, Floyd Crosby, was an Academy Award-winning cinematographer, and his mother, Aliph Van Cortlandt Whitehead, was a jazz singer. As a teenager, Crosby was a member of the band The Jet Set, which played in local clubs. He then went on to join The Byrds in 1964, where he wrote and sang many of their hits, including “Eight Miles High” and “Turn! Turn! Turn!”</p>
<p>In 1969, Crosby formed the band Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash with Stephen Stills and Graham Nash. The group released their debut album, Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash, in 1969, and it went on to become a huge success, spawning the hit single “Suite: Judy Blue Eyes.” The band continued to release several more successful albums, including Déjà Vu (1970) and After the Storm (1994).</p>
<p>In addition to his work with CSN, Crosby has released several solo albums, including If I Could Only Remember My Name (1971), Thousand Roads (1993), and Croz (2014). He has also collaborated with numerous other artists, including Joni Mitchell, Phil Collins, and Neil Young.</p>
<p>Throughout his career, Crosby has received numerous awards and accolades. In 1970, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of The Byrds. In 1997, he was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame. He has also won two Grammy Awards, one for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for “Suite: Judy Blue Eyes” (1970) and one for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal for “Déjà Vu” (1971).</p>
<p>In addition to his musical career, Crosby is also an active political activist. He is a vocal supporter of environmental causes and has spoken out against the war in Iraq, nuclear proliferation, and the death penalty. He has also been a vocal advocate for animal rights and has been involved in various campaigns to protect endangered species.</p>
<p>Throughout his career, Crosby has remained an influential figure in music and activism. He continues to release new music and collaborate with other artists, and is currently working on a documentary about his life and career. He is also a sought-after speaker and has given lectures at various universities and conferences. </p>
<p>David Crosby is an iconic figure in music and activism, and his influence continues to be felt today. He is a living legend whose work has impacted generations of musicians and fans alike.</p>