---
layout: post
title: Richard Belzer
---

<p>Richard Belzer is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and author. He is best known for his role as Detective John Munch on the long-running NBC television series Law &amp; Order: Special Victims Unit. Belzer has appeared in numerous films and television shows, including Saturday Night Live, The X-Files, and Arrested Development. He is also the author of several books, including I Am Not a Cop! and How to Be a Stand-Up Comic.</p>
<p>Belzer was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut in 1944. He began his career as a stand-up comedian, performing in clubs throughout the United States. Belzer was an early adopter of improvisational comedy, which he used to great effect in his performances. He eventually moved to New York City, where he began to make a name for himself in the comedy scene.</p>
<p>Belzer’s big break came in 1993 when he was cast as Detective John Munch in the NBC police drama Homicide: Life on the Street. He was an instant hit with viewers and critics alike, and the show ran for seven seasons. Belzer reprised his role as Munch in a number of other shows, including The X-Files, Arrested Development, and Law &amp; Order: Special Victims Unit. He has also appeared in films such as Analyze This and Man on the Moon.</p>
<p>In addition to his acting career, Belzer has written several books. His first book, I Am Not a Cop!, was published in 1994. The book was a humorous look at his life as a stand-up comedian and his experiences as a police detective. Belzer has also written several other books, including How to Be a Stand-Up Comic and his autobiography, If It Bleeds, It Leads.</p>
<p>Throughout his career, Belzer has been a vocal advocate for social justice and human rights. He has been involved in numerous charitable causes, including the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence and the Innocence Project. Belzer has also been an outspoken critic of the death penalty, and he has been an active participant in the “Free Mumia Abu-Jamal” movement.</p>
<p>Richard Belzer is an iconic figure in the entertainment industry. His unique blend of comedy and social activism has made him a beloved figure to millions of fans around the world. He continues to be a tireless advocate for justice and human rights, and his legacy as a performer and author will continue to live on for many years to come.</p>