---
layout: post
title: Raquel Welch
---

<p>Raquel Welch is an American actress and singer who has been active in the entertainment industry since the 1960s. She is best known for her roles in films such as One Million Years B.C., The Three Musketeers, and The Towering Inferno. She has also had a successful career as a singer, releasing several albums over the years.</p>
<p>Welch was born Jo Raquel Tejada in Chicago, Illinois in 1940. She was raised in California and attended San Diego State University, where she studied theater arts. She began her career as a model, appearing in several magazines and television commercials. After appearing in a few minor film roles, she was cast in the 1966 cult classic One Million Years B.C., which made her an international star.</p>
<p>Welch went on to appear in numerous films throughout the 1970s and 1980s, including The Three Musketeers, The Four Musketeers, and The Towering Inferno. She also starred in the television series The San Pedro Beach Bums and The American Girls. During this time, she also released several albums, including Raquel and Beyond the Cleavage.</p>
<p>In the 1990s, Welch returned to the big screen with roles in films such as The Flintstones and Hot Shots! Part Deux. She also appeared in the TV series Suddenly Susan and made a cameo appearance in the hit comedy Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery.</p>
<p>In recent years, Welch has continued to appear in films and television shows, including The Mask of Zorro, Legally Blonde 2: Red, White &amp; Blonde, and The Descendants. She has also appeared in the Broadway musicals Chicago and The Will Rogers Follies.</p>
<p>Throughout her career, Welch has been the recipient of numerous awards and honors. In 1995, she was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, and in 2004 she was inducted into the Hall of Fame of the American Theatre. In 2006, she was ranked #24 on the list of the “50 Greatest Actresses of All Time” by the American Film Institute.</p>
<p>Raquel Welch is an icon of the entertainment industry. From her early days as a model to her current roles in films and television, she has captivated audiences around the world with her beauty, talent, and charisma. She is an inspiration to generations of women and a reminder that age is just a number.</p>