---
layout: post
title: French Montana
---

<p>French Montana is a Moroccan-American rapper, singer, songwriter and producer. He is best known for his hit singles “Unforgettable” and “Pop That.” Born Karim Kharbouch in Morocco in 1984, he moved to the Bronx in New York City when he was 13-years-old. Growing up in the Bronx, he was exposed to hip-hop culture and began rapping at the age of 15.</p>
<p>In 2002, French Montana released his debut mixtape, “French Revolution Vol. 1.” The mixtape was well-received and opened the door for him to begin working with established hip-hop artists such as Akon, Rick Ross and Waka Flocka Flame. In 2010, he released his debut studio album, “Excuse My French,” which featured the hit singles “Pop That” and “Unforgettable.”</p>
<p>Since then, French Montana has released four more studio albums and numerous mixtapes. His most recent album, “Montana,” was released in 2019. He has also collaborated with a variety of artists, including Drake, The Weeknd, Cardi B, Swae Lee, Post Malone and many more.</p>
<p>French Montana is well-known for his unique style of rapping. His lyrics often have a melodic flow, and he often uses catchy hooks and choruses to draw in listeners. He is also known for his use of clever punchlines and clever wordplay.</p>
<p>French Montana is also known for his philanthropic work. He has worked with numerous charities, including the Global Citizen Festival, the Get Schooled Foundation and the Boys &amp; Girls Clubs of America. He has also been involved in a variety of humanitarian efforts, including providing relief to those affected by Hurricane Sandy in 2012 and aiding refugees from Syria and Iraq.</p>
<p>French Montana is one of the most successful and influential hip-hop artists of his generation. He has helped to shape the sound of modern hip-hop and has influenced countless other artists. His unique style and philanthropic efforts have made him a beloved figure in the hip-hop community.</p>