---
layout: post
title: Daylight savings
---

<p>Daylight Savings Time is an event that has been around since the late 1800s, when it was first proposed by an entomologist, George Hudson. It is a way of adjusting the clocks so that more daylight is available in the evenings, while sacrificing some of the daylight hours in the morning. This is done by setting the clocks forward by one hour in the spring and setting them back in the fall.</p>
<p>Daylight Savings Time is observed in most parts of the world, with the exceptions of some countries such as China, India, and Japan. In the United States, Daylight Savings Time begins at 2:00am on the second Sunday in March and ends at 2:00am on the first Sunday in November. This means that the clocks are set forward one hour in the spring and set back one hour in the fall.</p>
<p>The primary purpose of Daylight Savings Time is to save energy. By having more daylight in the evenings, people can take advantage of the natural light and reduce the need for electric lighting. This can result in significant savings in energy costs for both businesses and households. Additionally, having more daylight in the evenings can encourage people to get outside and be more active, which can have positive health benefits.</p>
<p>The effects of Daylight Savings Time can vary from region to region and from person to person. In some areas, the effects can be quite noticeable, while in other areas the effects may be minimal. Some people may find that their sleep patterns are disrupted due to the change in the clocks, while others may find that they are more productive during the extra hour of daylight.</p>
<p>Despite the potential benefits of Daylight Savings Time, there are also some drawbacks. For example, the change in the clocks can lead to confusion and can be difficult to adjust to. Additionally, the change in the clocks can also lead to disruptions in transportation schedules, as well as other activities that rely on the accurate time.</p>
<p>In conclusion, Daylight Savings Time is an event that has been around for over a century and is observed in most parts of the world. It is a way of adjusting the clocks so that more daylight is available in the evenings, while sacrificing some of the daylight hours in the morning. The primary purpose of Daylight Savings Time is to save energy, but it can also have other benefits such as encouraging people to get outside and be more active. However, there are also some drawbacks to Daylight Savings Time, such as disruptions in transportation schedules and difficulty adjusting to the change in the clocks.</p>