---
layout: post
title: Erica Herman
---

<p>Erica Herman is a professional businesswoman who has been in the hospitality industry for over a decade. She is best known for her involvement with Tiger Woods and his golf course design business, TGR Design.</p>
<p>Herman was born in 1981 in California and grew up in the Los Angeles area. She attended the University of Southern California and graduated with a degree in hospitality management. After college, Herman began her career in the hospitality industry working as a manager of a restaurant in Orlando, Florida. She then went on to manage a number of other restaurants before joining TGR Design in 2014.</p>
<p>Since joining TGR Design, Herman has been an integral part of the company’s success. She serves as the company’s president and is responsible for overseeing the design and development of the golf courses that TGR Design creates. She works closely with Tiger Woods and his team to ensure that each course meets the highest standards of quality and performance.</p>
<p>In addition to her work with TGR Design, Herman is also a philanthropist. She is a board member of the Tiger Woods Foundation, which works to provide educational opportunities for underserved youth. She is also a member of the TGR Live Events Board, which organizes and hosts various golf tournaments and events to raise money for charity.</p>
<p>Herman is an accomplished businesswoman who is committed to making a difference in the world. She is a role model for young women who are interested in pursuing a career in the hospitality industry. Through her work with TGR Design and her involvement in philanthropy, Herman is helping to shape the future of the hospitality industry.</p>
<p>Herman’s success and dedication to her work is an inspiration to many. She is a leader in the hospitality industry and is helping to create a better future for those who work in the industry. Her commitment to excellence and her passion for making a difference are qualities that all aspiring business professionals should strive to emulate.</p>