---
layout: post
title: Pittsburgh Steelers
---

<p>The Pittsburgh Steelers are one of the most storied franchises in the National Football League. Founded in 1933, the Steelers have won six Super Bowls, eight AFC Championships, and have been to the playoffs in twenty-one of the last twenty-two seasons. The Steelers have a long history of success, and are one of the most popular teams in the NFL.</p>
<p>The Steelers are known for their defense-oriented style of play, and have been one of the most successful teams in the league at stopping opponents. The team has been led by legendary defensive coordinator Dick LeBeau, who has been with the team since 1992. LeBeau has been credited with creating the “Steel Curtain” defense, which has become synonymous with the team. The Steelers have also had some of the best linebackers in the league over the years, including Jack Ham, Jack Lambert, and James Harrison.</p>
<p>Offensively, the Steelers have been led by quarterback Ben Roethlisberger for the majority of his career. Roethlisberger has been one of the most successful quarterbacks in the league, and has led the Steelers to two Super Bowl championships. The team has also had a number of talented wide receivers over the years, including Hines Ward, Antonio Brown, and Mike Wallace.</p>
<p>The Steelers have also had a number of great running backs, including Jerome Bettis, Willie Parker, and Le’Veon Bell. All three have had successful careers with the Steelers, and have been key contributors to the team’s success.</p>
<p>The Steelers have a passionate fan base, and the team’s home games are known to be some of the loudest in the NFL. The team has a long history of success, and is one of the most popular teams in the league. The Steelers have been able to sustain their success over the years, and are always competitive in the AFC.</p>
<p>The Pittsburgh Steelers are one of the most successful teams in the NFL, and have been a model of consistency over the years. The team has a long history of success, and has been able to sustain its success by having one of the best defenses in the league. The team also has a great offense, led by quarterback Ben Roethlisberger, and a passionate fan base that makes the team’s home games some of the loudest in the league. The Steelers have established themselves as one of the most successful franchises in the NFL, and are always a force to be reckoned with in the AFC.</p>