---
layout: post
title: Bournemouth vs Liverpool
---

<p>The Premier League clash between Bournemouth and Liverpool on Saturday 17th April 2021 was always going to be an exciting game. With Liverpool pushing for a top four finish and Bournemouth fighting for their Premier League survival, the stakes were high for both sides.</p>
<p>The game started off with Liverpool dominating the possession, but Bournemouth were able to keep the Reds at bay with some organised defending. Liverpool had a few chances but were unable to break the deadlock. The first half ended 0-0, with Liverpool having the majority of the possession but failing to create any clear-cut chances.</p>
<p>In the second half, Bournemouth came out of the blocks quickly and took the lead in the 51st minute when Callum Wilson scored from close range. Liverpool responded almost immediately when Mohamed Salah equalised in the 53rd minute. The Reds then took the lead in the 67th minute when Roberto Firmino scored from a free-kick. Bournemouth then equalised through a penalty in the 81st minute taken by Wilson.</p>
<p>The game then went into extra-time with Liverpool pushing for a winner. In the 97th minute, Liverpool were awarded a penalty which was converted by Salah to make it 3-2. Liverpool then held on for the win and secured all three points.</p>
<p>The game was a thrilling encounter between two sides who were both desperate for the win. Liverpool were the better side overall and deserved the win, but Bournemouth put in a brave performance and could have easily taken something from the game.</p>
<p>Liverpool now have a real chance of securing a top four finish, while Bournemouth will be hoping that they can stay in the Premier League. The result was a great one for Liverpool, but they will need to keep up their good form if they are to achieve their goal of a top four finish.</p>