---
layout: post
title: Kellie Pickler
---

<p>Kellie Pickler is an American country music singer and television personality best known for her appearances on the fifth season of the reality talent show American Idol. She was born on June 28, 1986 in Albemarle, North Carolina, and raised in the small town of Albemarle.</p>
<p>Pickler first gained fame when she auditioned for the fifth season of American Idol in 2005. She quickly became a fan favorite, and eventually finished in sixth place. Following her Idol success, Pickler signed with 19 Recordings/BNA Records and released her debut album, Small Town Girl, in 2006. The album was a commercial success and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.</p>
<p>Pickler released her second album, Kellie Pickler, in 2008. The album debuted at number nine on the Billboard 200, and was certified gold. The album featured the singles "Don't You Know You're Beautiful" and "Best Days of Your Life," which both reached the top 10 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.</p>
<p>Pickler has since released three additional albums, 100 Proof (2011), The Woman I Am (2013), and The High Country (2015). She has also released two Christmas albums, A Christmas Story (2009) and A Christmas Story Deluxe Edition (2012).</p>
<p>In addition to her music career, Pickler has also appeared on several television shows, including Dancing With the Stars and I Love Kellie Pickler. She has also appeared in a number of films, including The Ugly Truth (2009) and Footloose (2011).</p>
<p>In addition to her music and television career, Pickler is also an active philanthropist. She is involved with several charities, including the USO and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. Pickler is also an ambassador for the American Red Cross and the Humane Society of the United States.</p>
<p>Kellie Pickler is an accomplished singer and television personality who has achieved success in both the music and television industries. Her albums have achieved both commercial and critical success, and she has become an active philanthropist. Her success and charitable work have made her an inspiration to many.</p>