---
layout: post
title: Josh Allen
---

<p>Josh Allen is an American football quarterback for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted seventh overall in the 2018 NFL Draft by the Bills. He played college football at the University of Wyoming.</p>
<p>Allen is known for his strong arm and big-play ability, as well as his size, standing at 6-foot-5 and weighing 237 pounds. He was the first quarterback selected in the 2018 draft and is the first Wyoming quarterback to be taken in the first round of the NFL Draft.</p>
<p>Since being drafted, Allen has been the starting quarterback for the Bills. In his rookie season, he threw for 2,074 yards, 10 touchdowns, and 12 interceptions. He also rushed for 631 yards and eight touchdowns. In his second season, Allen improved significantly, throwing for 3,089 yards, 20 touchdowns, and nine interceptions. He also rushed for 510 yards and nine touchdowns.</p>
<p>In 2020, Allen continued his development, throwing for a career-high 4,544 yards, 37 touchdowns, and 10 interceptions. He also rushed for 421 yards and eight touchdowns. He was named to the Pro Bowl and was selected as an All-Pro.</p>
<p>Allen has been known for his strong arm and ability to make big plays. He has a strong work ethic and is a leader in the locker room. He is also known for his ability to extend plays with his feet and make accurate throws down the field.</p>
<p>Allen is one of the most promising young quarterbacks in the NFL. He has the potential to be a franchise quarterback for the Bills for many years to come. He has the arm strength, athleticism, and leadership to be successful in the NFL.</p>
<p>Allen is still young and has a lot to learn, but he has already shown the potential to be an elite quarterback in the NFL. He has the tools to be a successful quarterback for many years to come and will continue to develop as he matures.</p>