---
layout: post
title: Billy Packer
---

<p>William "Billy" Packer was an American sports commentator and analyst, best known as the lead college basketball analyst for CBS Sports from 1974 to 2008. Packer was born in Statesville, North Carolina, and grew up in nearby Mooresville. He attended Wake Forest University, where he was a member of the Kappa Alpha Order fraternity, and graduated in 1963 with a degree in political science.</p>
<p>Packer began his sports broadcasting career in 1965 as the radio voice of Wake Forest football and basketball. He then moved on to become the play-by-play announcer for the NBA's Baltimore Bullets from 1968 to 1972. In 1974, he joined CBS Sports as the lead college basketball analyst, a role he held until 2008. During his time at CBS, Packer was known for his candid and insightful commentary, as well as his ability to break down the game and provide analysis that viewers could understand.</p>
<p>In addition to his work at CBS, Packer was a frequent guest on ESPN's College GameDay and contributed to the network's coverage of the NCAA Tournament. He was also a regular contributor to the NCAA's March Madness selection show and was a key figure in the selection of teams for the NCAA Tournament.</p>
<p>In 2008, Packer retired from CBS Sports and was replaced by Clark Kellogg. He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2012.</p>
<p>Throughout his career, Packer was known for his passion for the game of basketball and for his commitment to fairness and accuracy in his analysis. He was also known for his willingness to speak his mind, even when it might not have been popular. He was a strong advocate for the development of the game and was an outspoken critic of the NCAA's decision to expand the tournament field to include more teams.</p>
<p>Packer's legacy lives on in the hearts of basketball fans everywhere. He was an influential figure in the game and his contributions to the sport will never be forgotten. He will always be remembered as one of the greatest college basketball analysts of all time.</p>