---
layout: post
title: Lakers
---

<p>The Los Angeles Lakers are one of the most iconic and successful franchises in the history of sports. Founded in 1947, the Lakers have won a total of 16 NBA championships, 30 conference titles, and 23 division titles. They are one of the oldest and most successful teams in the NBA and have been the home of some of the greatest players in basketball history.</p>
<p>The Lakers have a long and storied history, beginning with their move to Los Angeles in 1960. Led by Elgin Baylor and Jerry West, the Lakers quickly became one of the best teams in the NBA. They won the NBA championship in 1972 and went on to win five more championships in the 1980s. During this time, they were led by Magic Johnson, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, and James Worthy, who formed the core of the “Showtime” Lakers.</p>
<p>The Lakers have also been the home of some of the greatest players in NBA history. Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O’Neal were two of the most dominant players of their era and helped the Lakers win three consecutive championships from 2000 to 2002. Kobe Bryant is the Lakers all-time leading scorer and is widely considered one of the greatest players of all time.</p>
<p>The Lakers have also had some of the greatest coaches in NBA history. Pat Riley, Phil Jackson, and Rudy Tomjanovich all coached the Lakers to multiple championships. Jackson, in particular, is widely considered one of the greatest coaches in NBA history and led the Lakers to five championships during his tenure.</p>
<p>The Lakers have also had great success in recent years. Led by LeBron James and Anthony Davis, the Lakers won their 17th championship in 2020. James is now the all-time leader in playoff points, and Davis is one of the best players in the league.</p>
<p>The Lakers are one of the most beloved teams in the NBA and have a long history of success. From the “Showtime” Lakers of the 1980s to the current team led by LeBron James and Anthony Davis, the Lakers have consistently been one of the best teams in the league. With a rich history and a bright future, the Lakers are sure to remain one of the most iconic franchises in sports.</p>