---
layout: post
title: Rihanna
---

<p>Rihanna is one of the most successful and influential artists of the 21st century. She is a singer, songwriter, actress, philanthropist, fashion designer, and businesswoman. Rihanna has achieved incredible success in all of these fields and has become one of the most recognizable and influential celebrities in the world.</p>
<p>Rihanna was born Robyn Rihanna Fenty in Saint Michael, Barbados in 1988. She began her music career in 2003, when she signed a record deal with Def Jam Recordings. She released her debut album, Music of the Sun, in 2005, which spawned the hit single “Pon de Replay”. This song was a major success, and it launched Rihanna’s career.</p>
<p>Since then, Rihanna has released eight studio albums, all of which have achieved commercial success. She has sold over 230 million records worldwide, making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time. Her most successful albums include Good Girl Gone Bad (2007), Rated R (2009), Loud (2010), and Unapologetic (2012). Her most successful singles include “Umbrella”, “We Found Love”, “Diamonds”, and “Work”.</p>
<p>In addition to her music career, Rihanna has also achieved success in the world of fashion. She has released several collections with the clothing brand Puma, and she launched her own fashion line, Fenty, in 2017. Rihanna has also appeared in several films, including Battleship (2012), Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets (2017), and Ocean’s 8 (2018).</p>
<p>Rihanna is also a philanthropist. She founded the nonprofit organization The Clara Lionel Foundation in 2012, which works to improve the quality of life for communities around the world. She has also been involved in a variety of other charitable causes, including education and health programs.</p>
<p>Rihanna is an incredibly successful and influential artist. She has achieved success in the music industry, the fashion industry, and the world of philanthropy. She is a role model for many people, and she continues to be an inspiration to many.</p>