---
layout: post
title: Tom Sizemore
---

<p>Tom Sizemore is an American actor who has been featured in several Hollywood films. He is best known for his roles in the films “Saving Private Ryan”, “Black Hawk Down”, “Heat”, and “Pearl Harbor”. Sizemore has also appeared in numerous television series, including “ER”, “The West Wing”, and “CSI: Crime Scene Investigation”.</p>
<p>Sizemore was born in Detroit, Michigan in 1961. He attended the University of Tennessee, where he studied theatre and philosophy. After graduating, he moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting. He made his film debut in the 1989 film “Born on the Fourth of July”. He then went on to appear in several other films, including “True Romance”, “Natural Born Killers”, and “Strange Days”.</p>
<p>In 1998, Sizemore earned critical acclaim for his role in the Steven Spielberg-directed “Saving Private Ryan”. He also starred in the Ridley Scott-directed “Black Hawk Down”, which earned him an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor. He has since appeared in several other films, including “Pearl Harbor”, “Heat”, “Red Planet”, and “Man on Fire”.</p>
<p>In addition to his work in film, Sizemore has also appeared in numerous television series. He has had recurring roles on “ER”, “The West Wing”, and “CSI: Crime Scene Investigation”. He also starred in the short-lived series “Robbery Homicide Division”.</p>
<p>Sizemore is also known for his off-screen behavior. He has been arrested several times for drug possession and has been in and out of rehab multiple times. In 2003, he was sentenced to six months in jail for violating his probation.</p>
<p>Despite his personal struggles, Sizemore has continued to work in Hollywood. He has appeared in several independent films and television series. In recent years, he has had roles in the films “The Dirt” and “The Irishman”. He is also set to appear in the upcoming film “The Devil All the Time”.</p>
<p>Tom Sizemore is one of Hollywood’s most recognizable actors. He has appeared in numerous films and television series, and has earned critical acclaim for his work. Despite his personal struggles, he has continued to work in Hollywood and is set to appear in several upcoming projects.</p>