---
layout: post
title: Panic! At The Disco
---

<p>Since forming in Las Vegas in 2004, Panic! At The Disco has become one of the most popular and influential rock bands of the 21st century. From their early days of playing local shows to now selling out arenas around the world, the band has been able to continually reinvent their sound and remain relevant in the ever-changing music industry.</p>
<p>The band was formed by childhood friends Ryan Ross and Spencer Smith, who were later joined by bassist Brent Wilson and vocalist/guitarist Brendon Urie. Their debut album, A Fever You Can't Sweat Out, was released in 2005 and quickly gained traction due to its unique blend of pop-punk and theatrical elements. The album spawned the hit single "I Write Sins Not Tragedies" which catapulted the band to mainstream success.</p>
<p>Following the success of their debut album, the band released their second album Pretty. Odd. in 2008. This album saw the band move away from their pop-punk roots, opting for a more folk-inspired sound. While the album was initially met with mixed reviews, it has since become a cult classic and is still beloved by fans today.</p>
<p>In 2009, Ryan Ross and Jon Walker left the band and were replaced by bassist Dallon Weekes and guitarist Ian Crawford. With their new lineup, Panic! At The Disco released their third album Vices &amp; Virtues in 2011. This album saw the band return to their pop-punk roots while also incorporating elements of electronic and alternative rock. The album was a critical and commercial success, spawning the hit single "The Ballad of Mona Lisa".</p>
<p>The band's fourth album, Too Weird To Live, Too Rare To Die!, was released in 2013 and saw the band further exploring their electronic influences. The album was a commercial success, spawning the hit single "Miss Jackson". The band's fifth album, Death of a Bachelor, was released in 2016 and saw the band return to their theatrical roots while also incorporating elements of jazz, pop, and soul. The album was a critical and commercial success, spawning the hit single "Victorious".</p>
<p>In 2018, the band released their sixth album, Pray For The Wicked. This album saw the band further exploring their theatrical and electronic influences while also incorporating elements of hip-hop and pop. The album was a critical and commercial success, spawning the hit single "High Hopes".</p>
<p>Today, Panic! At The Disco continues to be one of the most popular and influential rock bands of the 21st century. With their unique blend of pop-punk, electronic, and theatrical elements, the band has been able to remain relevant in the ever-changing music industry. They continue to tour the world, selling out arenas and delighting fans with their energetic live performances.</p>