---
layout: post
title: 76ers
---

<p>The Philadelphia 76ers are one of the most storied franchises in the National Basketball Association. The team was founded in 1946 as the Syracuse Nationals and moved to Philadelphia in 1963, where they were renamed the 76ers. Since then, they have been one of the most successful teams in the NBA, winning three championships and appearing in the NBA Finals nine times.</p>
<p>The 76ers have had some of the greatest players in NBA history, including Wilt Chamberlain, Julius Erving, Moses Malone, Charles Barkley, and Allen Iverson. Chamberlain and Erving were both inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame and Malone was named the NBA's Most Valuable Player three times. Iverson was named the NBA's Most Valuable Player in 2001 and is considered one of the greatest players of all-time.</p>
<p>The 76ers have had some of the most successful teams in the NBA over the last few decades. In the 2000s, the team featured Iverson, Barkley, and Malone and won the Eastern Conference Championship in 2001. The team also made the playoffs in each of the last four seasons, reaching the Eastern Conference Finals in 2001 and the NBA Finals in 2001 and 2002.</p>
<p>In recent years, the 76ers have been rebuilding the team with young talent. In the 2018-19 season, they acquired All-Star center Joel Embiid and guard Ben Simmons, who were both named to the All-Star team in 2019. The team also added veteran players such as Jimmy Butler and Tobias Harris and made the playoffs in 2019 and 2020.</p>
<p>The 76ers have also been active in the community, working with local organizations to help improve the lives of those in the Philadelphia area. The team has also been involved in a variety of charitable efforts, including the 76ers Foundation, which works to provide educational opportunities to young people in the area.</p>
<p>The 76ers are one of the most successful franchises in the NBA and have a long history of success. With a talented young core and a commitment to the community, the 76ers are poised to continue their success for years to come.</p>