---
layout: post
title: Hogwarts Legacy
---

<p>Hogwarts Legacy is an upcoming role-playing video game set in the Harry Potter universe. The game is set in the 1800s, long before the events of the Harry Potter books and movies. Players will take on the role of a student at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and will explore the grounds of the iconic school, as well as the surrounding area.</p>
<p>The game will feature a wide variety of magical creatures, spells, and locations, as well as a deep and engaging story. Players will be able to customize their own character and choose their house, as well as their wand. They will also be able to choose their own magical path, whether it be a path of good or a path of evil.</p>
<p>The game will feature a variety of activities, including exploring the grounds of Hogwarts, participating in magical duels, and taking part in various quests. Players will also be able to interact with a variety of characters, including some of the famous characters from the Harry Potter books and movies.</p>
<p>The game will also feature a variety of creatures, such as dragons, unicorns, and werewolves. Players will be able to interact with these creatures, as well as learn more about them. They will also be able to learn various spells and use them in battle.</p>
<p>Hogwarts Legacy will be available for PC, PlayStation 5, Xbox Series X, and Xbox One. It is being developed by Avalanche Software, and is set to be released in 2021.</p>
<p>Hogwarts Legacy is sure to be a hit among fans of the Harry Potter franchise. It promises to be an immersive and engaging experience that will bring the magical world of Harry Potter to life. The game will feature a variety of activities, creatures, and spells, as well as a deep and engaging story. Hogwarts Legacy is sure to be a must-have for any Harry Potter fan.</p>