---
layout: post
title: Man United vs Leicester City
---

<p>The Premier League clash between Manchester United and Leicester City is one of the most anticipated matches of the season. Both teams have been in great form this season, and the match promises to be an exciting one.</p>
<p>Manchester United have been on a roll this season, with the team currently sitting second in the Premier League table. The Red Devils have been impressive in attack, scoring 44 goals in 22 matches, and have been solid in defence, conceding only 19 goals. They have been particularly impressive at home, winning 8 of their 10 matches at Old Trafford.</p>
<p>Leicester City, on the other hand, have been impressive in their own right. The Foxes have been strong in attack, scoring 41 goals in 22 matches, and have been solid in defence, conceding only 23 goals. They have been particularly impressive away from home, winning 6 of their 10 matches on the road.</p>
<p>When the two teams meet, it promises to be a thrilling match. Manchester United have the advantage of playing at home, but Leicester City have the experience of playing in big matches and will be looking to take advantage of any mistakes that United make.</p>
<p>The match could be decided by the battle between Manchester United's attack and Leicester City's defence. United have the likes of Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Mason Greenwood in attack, while Leicester have the likes of Jonny Evans, Ricardo Pereira and Caglar Soyuncu in defence. It promises to be an intriguing battle between two of the best defences in the Premier League.</p>
<p>The match could also be decided by the battle in midfield. Manchester United have the likes of Paul Pogba, Bruno Fernandes and Fred in midfield, while Leicester have Wilfred Ndidi, Youri Tielemans and James Maddison. Both teams have strong midfields, and it will be interesting to see who comes out on top in this battle.</p>
<p>The match could also be decided by the battle between the two sides' goalkeepers. Manchester United have the experienced David de Gea in goal, while Leicester have Kasper Schmeichel. Both keepers have been in good form this season, and it will be interesting to see who has the edge in this battle.</p>
<p>All in all, the match between Manchester United and Leicester City promises to be an exciting one. Both teams have been in great form this season, and it will be interesting to see who comes out on top. It could be a match that could decide the fate of the Premier League title this season.</p>