---
layout: post
title: Russell Gage injury
---

<p>On October 4th, 2020, the Atlanta Falcons were dealt a major blow when wide receiver Russell Gage suffered a serious injury. Gage, who had been a key part of the Falcons' offense, was injured during the team's Week 4 matchup against the Green Bay Packers. Gage was attempting to make a catch along the sideline when he was tackled by Packers' defensive back Adrian Amos, who was flagged for a personal foul on the play. Gage immediately grabbed his left leg and was unable to put any weight on it as he was helped off the field by the team's medical staff.</p>
<p>The initial diagnosis was a sprained MCL, which is an injury that typically takes several weeks to heal. Gage was placed on the team's injured reserve list, meaning he would miss at least the next three weeks. Without Gage, the Falcons would be forced to rely on other players to step up and fill the void left by his absence.</p>
<p>The injury to Gage is a major setback for the Falcons, as he was one of their most productive receivers this season. Through four games, Gage had caught 15 passes for 175 yards and a touchdown. He had also been a reliable target for quarterback Matt Ryan, as he had caught at least three passes in each of the Falcons' first four games.</p>
<p>Gage had also been an important part of the Falcons' passing attack, as he had been lining up in the slot and running routes from all over the field. Without Gage, the Falcons will have to rely on other players to take on the responsibility of running routes from the slot.</p>
<p>The Falcons will also have to find a way to replace Gage's production. While Gage was not the team's leading receiver, he was still a valuable asset to the offense. With Gage out, the Falcons will have to rely on other players to pick up the slack.</p>
<p>The Falcons will also have to adjust their offensive game plan without Gage. Gage was often used as a decoy to open up other parts of the field for Ryan and the team's other receivers. Without Gage, the Falcons will have to find other ways to get the ball to their other receivers.</p>
<p>The Falcons will also have to adjust their offensive line to account for Gage's absence. Gage was often used as a blocker in the running game, and his absence will mean the team will have to find a new way to protect their running backs.</p>
<p>The Falcons will also have to find a way to make up for Gage's special teams contributions. Gage was often used as a kick returner, and his absence will mean the team will have to find another player to take on that role.</p>
<p>The Falcons will also have to find a way to replace Gage's leadership. Gage was often seen as a leader in the locker room, and his absence will be felt by the team.</p>
<p>The injury to Gage is a major blow to the Falcons, and it will take some time for the team to adjust to his absence. However, with the help of other players stepping up and taking on the responsibility of filling Gage's role, the Falcons should be able to overcome this setback and continue their success.</p>