---
layout: post
title: WWE sold
---

<p>to Fox</p>
<p>On May 21, 2019, it was announced that the WWE had been sold to Fox. This is a major milestone for the company, as the deal will bring the WWE to a new level of mainstream success.</p>
<p>The deal is a multi-year agreement between Fox and the WWE, and it will see Fox become the exclusive broadcaster of the WWE’s weekly Monday Night Raw and SmackDown Live shows. The deal also includes the exclusive rights to stream WWE pay-per-view events, as well as the rights to air the WWE’s new reality show, Total Divas.</p>
<p>In addition to Fox airing the WWE’s programming, the deal also includes an agreement to launch a new WWE-branded channel on the Fox Sports app. This will allow fans to watch WWE content on any device, including their phones, tablets, and computers.</p>
<p>The deal is a major win for the WWE, as it will bring the company to a much larger audience than it currently has. Fox is one of the most popular networks in the United States, and the deal will allow the WWE to reach a much wider audience than it has ever had before.</p>
<p>The deal also has major implications for the WWE’s competitors. It signals that the WWE is a major player in the entertainment industry, and that it is not going away anytime soon. This could lead to other networks and media companies attempting to strike similar deals with the WWE in order to gain access to its programming.</p>
<p>The deal is also a major win for Fox, as it will be able to leverage the WWE’s massive fanbase in order to boost its ratings. Fox will also be able to use the WWE’s programming to promote its other shows and networks.</p>
<p>Overall, the deal between Fox and the WWE is a major win for both companies. The WWE will be able to reach a much larger audience than ever before, while Fox will be able to use the WWE’s programming to promote its other shows and networks. This is a major milestone for the WWE, and it will undoubtedly lead to more success in the future.</p>