---
layout: post
title: Mario movie
---

<p>The Mario movie is an upcoming film based on the popular video game franchise of the same name. The film is being produced by Illumination Entertainment, the studio behind the Despicable Me and Minions franchises. The movie is set to be released in 2022 and will be directed by Super Mario Odyssey director, Koichi Hayashida.</p>
<p>The Mario franchise is one of the most iconic and successful video game series of all time. It began in 1981 with the release of the original Super Mario Bros. game for the Nintendo Entertainment System. Since then, the franchise has grown to include numerous sequels, spin-offs, and remakes. The Mario series has been praised for its colorful characters, unique worlds, and challenging gameplay.</p>
<p>The Mario movie will be a hybrid of live-action and animation. The story will follow Mario, Luigi, and Princess Peach as they travel through the Mushroom Kingdom in search of a powerful artifact. Along the way, they must battle their way through the Koopa Troop, a group of evil turtles led by Bowser. The film will also feature other characters from the Mario franchise, such as Toad, Yoshi, and Wario.</p>
<p>The Mario movie will be the first major film adaptation of the franchise. It is expected to be a big budget production, with a budget of around $100 million. The film is being produced by Chris Meledandri, the CEO of Illumination Entertainment. It is being written by Michael McCullers, who wrote the screenplay for the 2004 movie, “The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie”.</p>
<p>The Mario movie is sure to be a hit with fans of the franchise. It will be the perfect way for fans to experience the world of Mario in a new way. It is sure to be a fun and exciting adventure, filled with plenty of action, humor, and heart.</p>
<p>The Mario movie is sure to be one of the most anticipated films of 2022. It will be a great way to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the franchise. Fans of the series are sure to be excited to see Mario and his friends on the big screen. The Mario movie is sure to be a hit with fans and moviegoers alike.</p>