---
layout: post
title: Lakers
---

<p>The Los Angeles Lakers are one of the most successful and iconic franchises in the National Basketball Association. The team is based in Los Angeles, California and has won 16 NBA championships, the second most in NBA history. The Lakers have a long and storied history, and have been home to some of the greatest players of all time, including Magic Johnson, Kobe Bryant, and Shaquille O’Neal.</p>
<p>The Lakers were founded in 1947 as the Minneapolis Lakers. The team was named after the state of Minnesota’s nickname, “Land of 10,000 Lakes.” The team was one of the original members of the Basketball Association of America, which later became the NBA. The Lakers were led by legendary coach John Kundla and featured future Hall of Famers George Mikan and Vern Mikkelsen. The Lakers won five championships in their first six years in the league, making them the most successful team in the league’s early years.</p>
<p>The Lakers moved to Los Angeles in 1960 and were renamed the Los Angeles Lakers. The team continued its winning ways, winning five more championships in the 1960s and 1970s. The Lakers were led by Hall of Fame coach Pat Riley and featured Hall of Famers Elgin Baylor, Jerry West, Wilt Chamberlain, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, and Magic Johnson.</p>
<p>The 1980s and 1990s saw the Lakers become one of the most dominant teams in the NBA. The team won five championships during this time, led by Hall of Famers Magic Johnson, James Worthy, and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. The Lakers also featured future Hall of Famers Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O’Neal, who led the team to three consecutive championships from 2000-2002.</p>
<p>The Lakers have continued to be one of the most successful teams in the NBA in the 21st century. The team won two championships in 2009 and 2010, led by Kobe Bryant and Pau Gasol. The team has also had a number of other stars, including Dwight Howard, Steve Nash, and LeBron James.</p>
<p>The Lakers have a long and storied history, and are one of the most successful teams in the NBA. The team has featured some of the greatest players of all time, and has won 16 championships. The Lakers are a team that is beloved by fans all over the world, and they continue to be one of the premier teams in the NBA.</p>