---
layout: post
title: Kanye West married
---

<p>Kim Kardashian</p>
<p>Kanye West and Kim Kardashian are two of the most famous celebrities in the world. They have been in a relationship since 2012 and were married in 2014. The couple has since become a power couple in the entertainment industry and have made headlines around the world.</p>
<p>Kanye West is a Grammy-winning rapper, singer-songwriter, fashion designer, and entrepreneur. He has released seven solo albums, as well as collaborations with other artists. He is one of the most successful and influential hip-hop artists of all time.</p>
<p>Kim Kardashian is a reality television star, model, actress, and businesswoman. She is best known for her reality show, Keeping Up with the Kardashians, which has been on air for over a decade. She has also released several mobile apps and has her own makeup line.</p>
<p>Kanye and Kim first met in 2003, when Kim was working as a stylist for Brandy. They began dating in 2012 and got engaged in 2013. They married in a lavish ceremony in Italy in 2014. They have four children together, North West, Saint West, Chicago West, and Psalm West.</p>
<p>Kanye and Kim have been a fixture in the entertainment industry since their marriage. They have both been featured in magazine covers, television shows, and movies. They have also been involved in many philanthropic endeavors and have been vocal about their support for causes such as criminal justice reform and mental health awareness.</p>
<p>The couple has also been involved in politics. Kanye made headlines when he announced his intention to run for president of the United States in 2020. Although he ultimately dropped out of the race, he has been vocal about his support for President Donald Trump.</p>
<p>Kanye and Kim have been one of the most influential power couples in the entertainment industry. They have been able to use their fame and influence to bring attention to causes that are important to them. They have also been able to leverage their fame to promote their own businesses and projects.</p>
<p>Kanye West and Kim Kardashian have been married for over six years and are still going strong. They have become one of the most famous celebrity couples in the world and have used their influence to make a difference. They have been able to use their fame to promote causes that are important to them and have been able to leverage their fame to promote their own businesses and projects.</p>