---
layout: post
title: Matteo Messina Denaro
---

<p>Matteo Messina Denaro, also known as Diabolik, is a Sicilian Mafia boss who has been on the run for over 25 years. He is the most wanted Mafia boss in Italy, and is believed to be the head of the Cosa Nostra. He is considered to be one of the most powerful and influential Mafia bosses in the world.</p>
<p>Born in 1961, Messina Denaro was raised in the small town of Castelvetrano in Sicily. He was the son of a local Mafia boss and grew up surrounded by the criminal underworld of the Mafia. He quickly rose through the ranks of the Cosa Nostra, and by the early 1990s, he had become one of the most powerful figures in the Sicilian Mafia.</p>
<p>Messina Denaro is believed to have been involved in a number of high-profile criminal activities, including drug trafficking, money laundering, extortion, and murder. He is also believed to have been involved in the 1993 murders of two anti-Mafia prosecutors, Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino.</p>
<p>In 1993, he was indicted for a number of crimes, including murder and Mafia association. He fled Sicily shortly after and has been on the run ever since. He is believed to be hiding in the remote areas of western Sicily and the surrounding islands, and is said to have a number of safe houses in the region.</p>
<p>In the years since his disappearance, Messina Denaro has become a legendary figure in the Sicilian Mafia. He is known for his cunning and intelligence, and is said to have a knack for eluding capture. He is also known for his ruthlessness and brutality, and is believed to have ordered the deaths of numerous people.</p>
<p>Despite his notoriety, very little is known about Messina Denaro’s current whereabouts. He has managed to stay one step ahead of the authorities for more than two decades, and is believed to be living in luxury in a secret location.</p>
<p>In recent years, Italian authorities have increased their efforts to capture Messina Denaro. In 2017, a reward of €5 million was offered for information leading to his arrest. However, despite these efforts, he remains at large.</p>
<p>Messina Denaro is a notorious figure in the world of organized crime, and his story is a testament to the power and influence of the Sicilian Mafia. He is a symbol of the ruthlessness and cunning of the Mafia, and his long-running evasion of justice is a testament to his intelligence and skill.</p>