---
layout: post
title: Hogwarts Legacy
---

<p>Hogwarts Legacy is an upcoming role-playing video game set in the Harry Potter universe. Developed by Avalanche Software and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment, the game is scheduled for release in 2021 for PlayStation 5, PlayStation 4, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One, and Microsoft Windows.</p>
<p>The game will be set in the 1800s, long before the events of the Harry Potter books and movies. Players will create their own character and explore the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, as well as the surrounding wizarding world. Players will be able to attend classes, learn spells, and explore various locations, including the Forbidden Forest, Hogsmeade, and Diagon Alley.</p>
<p>Players will be able to choose between being a wizard or witch, and customize their character with various options, such as their house, wand, and pet. They will be able to interact with a variety of characters, including professors, ghosts, and magical creatures. Players will also be able to choose their character’s path, whether they want to be a hero, a villain, or something in between.</p>
<p>The game will feature a variety of activities, including Quidditch matches, potion brewing, and magical duels. Players will also be able to explore the game’s open world and discover secrets and hidden areas. The game will also feature a variety of choices and consequences, allowing players to shape their own story.</p>
<p>Hogwarts Legacy promises to be an immersive experience for fans of the Harry Potter universe. Players will be able to explore the magical world and discover its secrets, while also creating their own story. With its variety of activities, characters, and choices, the game is sure to be an exciting adventure for players of all ages.</p>