---
layout: post
title: Oscars 2023
---

<p>The 2023 Academy Awards is sure to be one of the most exciting and talked about events of the year. With the pandemic of 2020 still fresh in everyone's minds, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) is sure to make some changes to the ceremony to ensure the safety of their guests and staff. As always, there will be a lot of anticipation leading up to the ceremony and awards season to see who will be taking home the coveted golden statue.</p>
<p>The 2023 Academy Awards will be held in the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, California. The show will be broadcasted live on ABC and will be hosted by a yet to be announced celebrity. The red carpet will be filled with stars, directors, producers, and writers, all dressed to the nines as they walk in to the theater.</p>
<p>The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has already made it clear that they will be taking extra precautions to ensure the safety of their guests and staff. This includes requiring all attendees to wear face masks and practice social distancing. They are also working with local health officials to ensure that everyone is safe and that the ceremony is held in accordance with all local and state regulations.</p>
<p>The 2023 Academy Awards will be the 96th annual ceremony, and will be honoring the best films of the past year. The nominees for the ceremony will be announced in February of 2023, with the awards being handed out in April. As always, there will be a lot of speculation as to who will be nominated and who will take home the awards.</p>
<p>The 2023 Academy Awards will be a night to remember. It will be a night of celebration and recognition for the hard work and dedication of all those involved in the film industry. It will be a night to honor the best of the best, and to recognize those who have made an impact in the world of film. With the pandemic still looming, the Academy is sure to take extra precautions to ensure the safety of their guests and staff, while still allowing them to enjoy the night of celebration and recognition.</p>