---
layout: post
title: Panic! at the Disco
---

<p>Panic! at the Disco is an American rock band formed in Las Vegas, Nevada in 2004. The band consists of lead vocalist and multi-instrumentalist Brendon Urie, drummer Dan Pawlovich, bassist Nicole Row and keyboardist Mike Naran. The band has released six studio albums and has achieved significant commercial success, with their third album, Vices &amp; Virtues (2011), reaching number seven on the Billboard 200.</p>
<p>Panic! at the Disco was formed by childhood friends Ryan Ross, Spencer Smith, Brent Wilson and Brendon Urie. The band's name was inspired by the title of a song from the musical comedy A Fever You Can't Sweat Out. They released their debut album, A Fever You Can't Sweat Out, in 2005. The album was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and spawned the hit single, "I Write Sins Not Tragedies".</p>
<p>The band's second album, Pretty. Odd. (2008), saw a significant change in musical style, moving away from the pop-punk sound of their debut. The album peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold by the RIAA. The band's third album, Vices &amp; Virtues (2011), was a return to their original sound, and was certified gold by the RIAA.</p>
<p>The band's fourth album, Too Weird to Live, Too Rare to Die! (2013), was their most successful album to date, reaching number two on the Billboard 200 and being certified gold by the RIAA. The band's fifth album, Death of a Bachelor (2016), was the band's first number-one album on the Billboard 200 and was certified platinum by the RIAA. The band's sixth album, Pray for the Wicked (2018), was their second number-one album on the Billboard 200, and was certified gold by the RIAA.</p>
<p>Panic! at the Disco has achieved international success, with their albums being certified in multiple countries, including Australia, Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom and the United States. The band has also achieved numerous awards and nominations, including two Grammy Award nominations for Best Rock Album for Too Weird to Live, Too Rare to Die! and Death of a Bachelor.</p>
<p>Panic! at the Disco has become known for their energetic and theatrical live performances, and have performed sold-out concerts in multiple countries. The band has also become known for their creative and unique music videos, which have been viewed millions of times on YouTube.</p>
<p>Panic! at the Disco has become one of the most successful rock bands of the 21st century, with their music being enjoyed by fans around the world. The band has achieved significant commercial success and has become known for their creative and unique sound. With their sixth studio album, Pray for the Wicked, the band continues to prove that they are one of the most successful rock bands of the 21st century.</p>