---
layout: post
title: Buzz Aldrin
---

<p>Buzz Aldrin, born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr., is a former American astronaut and the second person to walk on the moon. He was born on January 20, 1930, in Montclair, New Jersey. Aldrin graduated from Montclair High School in 1947 and went on to attend the United States Military Academy at West Point. He graduated third in his class in 1951, and was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Air Force.</p>
<p>Aldrin was an early proponent of space exploration and was selected as a member of the third group of astronauts in 1963. He served as the pilot of the Gemini 12 mission in 1966, and was the Lunar Module Pilot on the Apollo 11 mission in 1969. He was the second person to set foot on the moon, following Neil Armstrong, and he spent two and a half hours walking on the lunar surface.</p>
<p>Aldrin has become an iconic figure in the history of space exploration and has been honored with numerous awards and accolades. In 1969, he was presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian honor in the United States. He was also awarded the Congressional Space Medal of Honor in 1978 and the NASA Distinguished Service Medal in 1969.</p>
<p>Aldrin has also become a highly sought-after speaker, and has spoken at numerous events, including the National Air and Space Museum, the Smithsonian Institution, and the White House. He has also written several books, including his autobiography, Return to Earth, and his book, Magnificent Desolation: The Long Journey Home from the Moon.</p>
<p>In addition to his work in space exploration, Aldrin has also been an advocate for science education and space exploration. He founded the nonprofit organization, ShareSpace Foundation, which works to inspire and educate children about space exploration and science.</p>
<p>Aldrin has also been an outspoken advocate for space exploration, and has been a vocal proponent of sending humans to Mars. In October 2011, he proposed a plan for a manned mission to Mars, which he dubbed the “Aldrin Mars Cycler”. This plan would involve sending a spacecraft on a cyclical journey from Earth to Mars, and back again.</p>
<p>Aldrin has had a long and distinguished career as an astronaut and space explorer, and his contributions to the field of space exploration will be remembered for generations to come. He is an inspiration to many, and his legacy will continue to live on in the hearts and minds of future generations of space explorers.</p>