---
layout: post
title: Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury
---

<p>The world of YouTube boxing has been gaining immense popularity in recent times, and the latest fight between two of its biggest stars, Jake Paul and Tommy Fury, has been one of the most talked-about events in the world of social media. The fight took place on May 7, 2021, and it was an entertaining affair that ended with Paul winning by a unanimous decision.</p>
<p>The fight between Paul and Fury was a highly-anticipated one, with both fighters having a large following on social media. Paul, who is a former Disney star, has over 20 million subscribers on YouTube, while Fury, the brother of boxing champion Tyson Fury, has over 2 million followers on Instagram. Both fighters have been involved in YouTube boxing for some time, with Paul having fought three times before, while Fury was making his debut.</p>
<p>The fight itself was an entertaining one, with both fighters trading heavy shots throughout the six rounds. Paul was the aggressor early on, using his size and reach advantage to land some big punches. Fury was able to counter well, but Paul was able to land more often and was the clear winner.</p>
<p>The fight was a big moment for YouTube boxing and it showed that the sport is gaining popularity and legitimacy. This was the first time that two of the biggest social media stars had fought each other in a boxing match, and it was a huge success.</p>
<p>The fight also showed that YouTube boxing can be a legitimate form of entertainment. While some may be skeptical of the sport, the fight between Paul and Fury showed that YouTube boxing can be entertaining and exciting, and that it can attract a large audience.</p>
<p>Overall, the fight between Paul and Fury was an entertaining affair that showed the potential of YouTube boxing. The fight was a big success and it showed that YouTube boxing can be a legitimate form of entertainment. It also showed that social media stars can draw large audiences and that YouTube boxing can be an exciting sport.</p>