---
layout: post
title: Carlos Correa
---

<p>Carlos Correa is one of the most exciting players in Major League Baseball today. He is the shortstop for the Houston Astros and a two-time All-Star. Correa has been a key part of the Astros’ success since he was drafted in 2012.</p>
<p>Correa was born in Santa Isabel, Puerto Rico and grew up playing baseball. He was a standout shortstop in high school and was drafted first overall by the Astros in the 2012 MLB Draft. Correa made his major league debut in 2015 and quickly established himself as one of the best shortstops in the game. In his first full season, Correa hit 22 home runs and won the AL Rookie of the Year Award. He followed that up with an All-Star appearance in 2016 and a World Series championship in 2017.</p>
<p>Since then, Correa has continued to be one of the best players in the league. He has been an All-Star in each of the last three seasons and has been a consistent presence in the Astros’ lineup. Correa is a great hitter, with a career batting average of .277 and an OPS of .829. He also has great power, with 139 career home runs and 522 RBIs.</p>
<p>Correa is also a great fielder. He has a career fielding percentage of .983 and has been an excellent defender for the Astros. He has won two Gold Glove Awards and has been a key part of the Astros’ defensive success.</p>
<p>Off the field, Correa is an active member of the community. He is involved in a number of charities and is a vocal supporter of Puerto Rico. Correa also has his own foundation, the Carlos Correa Foundation, which works to help children in need.</p>
<p>Overall, Carlos Correa is one of the best players in the game today. He is a great hitter, fielder, and leader on and off the field. He is a two-time All-Star and a World Series champion and is a key part of the Astros’ success. Correa is a player that any team would be lucky to have and he will continue to be a star in the MLB for years to come.</p>