---
layout: post
title: Super Mario Movie
---

<p>The Super Mario movie is one of the most anticipated films of the year. For decades, fans of the beloved video game have been eagerly awaiting the chance to see Mario and his pals on the big screen. Now, their dreams are finally coming true.</p>
<p>The film is being produced by Illumination Entertainment, the studio behind the Despicable Me and Minions franchises. It will be directed by the legendary animation director, Chris Meledandri, who is also responsible for the Ice Age films. The script is being written by the award-winning screenwriter, Shigeru Miyamoto, who is responsible for creating the Super Mario franchise.</p>
<p>The movie will be a live-action/animation hybrid, featuring both CGI and live-action elements. The plot will follow the classic Super Mario storyline, with Mario, Luigi, and Princess Peach embarking on a quest to save the Mushroom Kingdom from the evil Bowser. Along the way, they will encounter various enemies and obstacles, as well as some familiar faces from the video game series.</p>
<p>The cast for the movie is yet to be announced, but some of the rumors suggest that John Leguizamo may be playing Luigi and Bob Hoskins may be playing Mario. The film will also feature the voice talents of Danny DeVito, who is rumored to be playing Bowser.</p>
<p>The movie is expected to be released sometime in 2020. It is sure to be a hit with fans of the franchise, as well as those who have never played the game before. With its combination of live-action and animation, it is sure to be a visual treat. It is also sure to be an entertaining movie, as it will be filled with adventure, humor, and plenty of action.</p>
<p>The Super Mario movie is sure to be one of the biggest films of the year, and it is sure to be a hit with fans of the franchise. It is sure to be a movie that will be enjoyed by young and old alike. It is sure to be a movie that will be remembered for years to come.</p>