---
layout: post
title: Aaron Rodgers
---

<p>Aaron Rodgers is one of the most accomplished quarterbacks in the history of the NFL. He is a two-time MVP, a Super Bowl champion, and a seven-time Pro Bowler. He is currently the starting quarterback for the Green Bay Packers and is widely considered to be one of the best quarterbacks in the league.</p>
<p>Rodgers was born in Chico, California in 1983. He attended Pleasant Valley High School and later Butte Community College. He was not heavily recruited coming out of high school, but his talent was noticed by the University of California, Berkeley and he was offered a scholarship. He was a standout at Cal and was named the starting quarterback for the Golden Bears in 2003.</p>
<p>In the 2005 NFL Draft, Rodgers was selected by the Green Bay Packers with the 24th overall pick. He was the backup to Brett Favre for three seasons before becoming the starter in 2008. Rodgers had an immediate impact on the team and led them to the playoffs in his first season as the starter.</p>
<p>In 2009, Rodgers led the Packers to a 13-3 record and a Super Bowl victory. He was named the MVP of the game and was also named the NFL MVP that season. He followed that up with another MVP season in 2011 and led the Packers to the playoffs in each of the next four seasons.</p>
<p>Rodgers is known for his strong arm and accuracy. He has thrown for over 40,000 yards and 300 touchdowns in his career. He also has a career passer rating of 103.8, which is the highest of all time. He is also one of the most mobile quarterbacks in the league and is adept at extending plays with his feet.</p>
<p>Rodgers has been named to the Pro Bowl seven times in his career and is widely considered to be one of the best quarterbacks in the league. He is a leader on and off the field and is respected by teammates and opponents alike. He is also a vocal advocate for social justice and has been active in the community.</p>
<p>Aaron Rodgers is one of the best quarterbacks in the history of the NFL. He has led the Packers to a Super Bowl victory and has been named the MVP of the league twice. He is a leader on and off the field and is respected by teammates and opponents alike. He is a future Hall of Famer and will be remembered as one of the all-time greats.</p>