---
layout: post
title: Arsenal vs Man City
---

<p>The Premier League is one of the most popular and competitive football leagues in the world and the rivalry between Arsenal and Manchester City is one of the most intense in the league. Arsenal and Manchester City have a long and storied history, with both clubs having been around since the late 19th century.</p>
<p>The two clubs have met each other in the Premier League on over 50 occasions, with City having the upper hand in recent times. City have won 19 of the last 25 meetings between the two sides, with Arsenal only managing to win four of them.</p>
<p>The last meeting between the two sides was in December 2018, when City won 3-1 at the Emirates Stadium. City have won the last four meetings between the two sides in all competitions, with the most recent being a 3-0 win at the Etihad Stadium in February 2019.</p>
<p>The rivalry between the two sides is intense, with both teams having passionate fan bases who are eager to see their team come out on top. Both teams have experienced success in recent times, with Arsenal having won three FA Cup titles in the last four years and City having won the Premier League in the last two seasons.</p>
<p>The rivalry between the two sides is also fuelled by the presence of former Arsenal players in the City squad, with the likes of Bacary Sagna, Samir Nasri and Gael Clichy all having played for both clubs.</p>
<p>The rivalry between the two sides is likely to remain intense for many years to come, with both sides having the ambition to win major honours. While City have been the dominant force in recent times, Arsenal will be hoping to turn the tide and start to get the better of their rivals.</p>
<p>The next meeting between the two sides is likely to be an intense affair, with both sides eager to come out on top. It promises to be a thrilling encounter and one that could have a major impact on the Premier League table.</p>