---
layout: post
title: Raquel Welch
---

<p>Raquel Welch is an iconic American actress and model who was born in 1940 in Chicago, Illinois. She is best known for her roles in the 1960s and 70s, such as in the films Fantastic Voyage, Bandolero!, and One Million Years B.C. She has also had a successful career as a model, appearing on the cover of Playboy magazine in 1972.</p>
<p>Raquel Welch began her career as a beauty pageant contestant, winning Miss Photogenic in 1958. She then moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting and modeling. She quickly became a popular figure in the entertainment industry, appearing in television shows and movies. Welch's breakthrough role came in 1966 when she starred in the science fiction film Fantastic Voyage. She was then cast in the western Bandolero! in 1968, which was a box office success.</p>
<p>In 1970, Welch starred in the epic adventure film One Million Years B.C., which was a major hit and made her an international star. She became a sex symbol of the era and was featured on the cover of Playboy magazine in 1972. She also appeared in several other films throughout the 70s, such as The Three Musketeers and Mother, Jugs &amp; Speed.</p>
<p>Throughout her career, Raquel Welch has been recognized for her beauty and talent. She has been nominated for numerous awards, including an Academy Award for Best Actress in 1972 for her performance in The Three Musketeers. She has also been honored by the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.</p>
<p>In addition to her acting career, Raquel Welch has also had a successful modeling career. She has appeared on the cover of numerous magazines, including Vogue, Harper's Bazaar, and Playboy. She has also been the face of several campaigns, including Revlon cosmetics and Clairol hair products.</p>
<p>Raquel Welch is an iconic figure in the entertainment industry and is considered to be one of the most beautiful women of all time. She has had a successful career in both acting and modeling, and has been honored with numerous awards and accolades. She is a true Hollywood legend.</p>