---
layout: post
title: Celtics
---

<p>The Boston Celtics are an iconic National Basketball Association (NBA) team based in Boston, Massachusetts. Founded in 1946, the Celtics are one of the most successful and decorated teams in the history of the NBA. The team has won a total of seventeen NBA Championships, the most of any NBA franchise. The Celtics have also won a record twenty-one Conference titles and twenty-four Division titles.</p>
<p>The Celtics were founded by Walter Brown and were originally known as the Boston Basketball Association. The team was initially comprised of players from the Boston area and was led by player-coach Red Auerbach. The team was an immediate success and made the playoffs in their first season. The Celtics went on to win their first championship in 1957, and over the next two decades, they would become one of the most dominant teams in the NBA.</p>
<p>The Celtics won eight championships between 1957 and 1969, including a stretch of four consecutive championships from 1959 to 1966. The team featured a number of Hall of Fame players, including Bill Russell, Bob Cousy, John Havlicek, and Sam Jones. Russell was the leader of the team and was the first African-American coach in the NBA when he took over as head coach in 1966. The Celtics also had a number of legendary coaches, including Auerbach and K.C. Jones.</p>
<p>The Celtics continued to be successful in the 1970s and 1980s, winning three championships in 1981, 1984, and 1986. The team was led by Larry Bird, Robert Parish, and Kevin McHale, and they were known as the “Big Three”. The Celtics won two more championships in 2008 and 2010, led by superstars Paul Pierce, Kevin Garnett, and Ray Allen.</p>
<p>The Celtics have also been a major part of the NBA’s off-court success. The team has been featured in a number of movies and television shows, including the classic 1986 movie Hoosiers. The Celtics also have a strong fan base and have consistently sold out their home games at the TD Garden.</p>
<p>The Celtics are one of the most storied franchises in the NBA and have been a major part of the league’s success over the past seven decades. The team has won seventeen championships, twenty-one Conference titles, and twenty-four Division titles, and they have featured a number of legendary players and coaches. The Celtics have been a major part of the NBA’s off-court success, and they remain one of the most popular teams in the league.</p>