---
layout: post
title: Clippers
---

<p>The Los Angeles Clippers, or simply the Clippers, are a professional basketball team based in Los Angeles, California. The Clippers are part of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team was founded in 1970 as the Buffalo Braves and moved to San Diego in 1978 before settling in Los Angeles in 1984. The Clippers have had a tumultuous history, having gone through many ownership changes and having had several losing seasons since their inception.</p>
<p>The Clippers have had a fair amount of success over the years, making the playoffs nine times since the team moved to Los Angeles in 1984. The team has also won two division titles and had two 50-win seasons in the last decade. In the 2013-14 season, the Clippers won their first-ever Pacific Division title, and in the 2014-15 season, the team won its first NBA championship.</p>
<p>The team is currently owned by Steve Ballmer, who purchased the team in 2014. Ballmer has made a commitment to the team and its fans to create a winning culture. He has invested in the roster, bringing in stars like Kawhi Leonard and Paul George, and has made the team a free agent destination. Ballmer has also worked to improve the team’s fan experience, including renovating the Staples Center and creating a new practice facility.</p>
<p>The Clippers have had a number of star players throughout their history, including Hall of Famers like Bob McAdoo, World B. Free, and Elton Brand. The team has also had some of the greatest players of all-time, including Chris Paul, Blake Griffin, and DeAndre Jordan. The team also has a strong core of young players, including Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, Lou Williams, and Montrezl Harrell.</p>
<p>The Clippers are a team that is on the rise in the NBA, and they look to continue their success in the coming years. With a strong ownership group, a talented roster, and a passionate fan base, the Clippers are in a great position to compete for championships in the near future.</p>