---
layout: post
title: Crystal Palace vs Man United
---

<p>The upcoming match between Crystal Palace and Manchester United is sure to be an exciting one. Both teams have had a difficult start to the season, but both have shown flashes of quality and potential.</p>
<p>Crystal Palace have had a mixed start to the season, with some impressive performances against some of the bigger teams in the league. They have been solid defensively, but have struggled to score goals, with Wilfried Zaha and Andros Townsend being the only players to score more than one goal in the Premier League this season.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, Manchester United have had a difficult start to the season, with the team struggling to find their form. They have been inconsistent in attack, with their star players, Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba, not performing to their usual standards. They have also had problems defensively, with Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof struggling to keep clean sheets.</p>
<p>Both teams will be looking to turn their fortunes around in this match, and it should be an interesting one. Crystal Palace will be looking to use their defensive solidity to nullify the attacking threat of Manchester United, while the visitors will be looking to use their quality in attack to break down the Eagles’ defence.</p>
<p>The match will be a tough one to call, but it should be an entertaining one. Both teams have quality players and will be looking to get a result. It should be a close game, with both teams having the potential to win.</p>
<p>Whichever team manages to take the three points in this match will be in a good position to kick on and have a successful season. It should be an exciting game, and one that should not be missed.</p>