---
layout: post
title: Man City vs Arsenal
---

<p>The Premier League is one of the most exciting and competitive leagues in the world and two of the most successful teams in the league are Manchester City and Arsenal. Both teams have a long and storied history in the English top flight and have been two of the most successful teams in the league over the past decade. </p>
<p>The two sides have a long history of rivalry and have faced each other over 100 times in all competitions. Both teams have had their successes over the years, but in recent years, Manchester City have had the upper hand in the rivalry. The Citizens have dominated the Premier League in the past decade, winning four titles in the last eight seasons, while Arsenal have had to settle for Europa League and FA Cup success in recent years. </p>
<p>The rivalry between the two sides has been intense over the years, with both teams having a number of memorable clashes. One of the most memorable matches between the two sides was in 2012, when Manchester City came from behind to beat Arsenal 3-2 in a thrilling encounter at the Etihad Stadium. The match was an instant classic, with City coming back from 2-0 down to win the game in the dying minutes. </p>
<p>The two sides have also had a number of close encounters in recent years, with Arsenal coming out on top in the 2017 FA Cup semi-final, while Manchester City won the 2019 League Cup final. The two teams have also met in the Champions League, with City coming out on top in the two-legged tie in 2016. </p>
<p>The rivalry between the two sides is set to continue in the coming years, with both sides looking to win the Premier League title. Manchester City are currently the favourites to win the title this season, but Arsenal will be looking to close the gap and challenge for the title in the coming seasons. </p>
<p>The rivalry between Manchester City and Arsenal is one of the most intense and exciting in the Premier League and it is sure to continue for many years to come. The two sides have had some classic clashes over the years and it is sure to be an exciting battle between the two sides in the coming years.</p>