---
layout: post
title: College Football championship
---

<p>The College Football Championship is an annual event that brings together the best college football teams in the nation to compete for the national championship title. Every year, the top teams in the nation battle it out in a single-elimination tournament, with the winner being crowned the College Football Champion.</p>
<p>The College Football Championship began in 1998, when the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) was created. The BCS was a system that used polls and computer rankings to determine which teams would play in the championship game. The BCS system was used from 1998-2013, with the winner of the BCS Championship Game being crowned the national champion.</p>
<p>In 2014, the College Football Playoff (CFP) replaced the BCS system. The CFP is a four-team playoff system that uses a selection committee to determine which teams will play in the championship game. The selection committee is made up of 13 members who are responsible for selecting the four teams that will compete for the national championship.</p>
<p>The College Football Championship game is usually held in January of each year. The game is played at a neutral site and is broadcast on a major television network. The winner of the championship game is awarded the College Football Playoff National Championship trophy.</p>
<p>The College Football Championship is an exciting event that brings together the best teams in the nation to compete for the national championship title. It is a highly competitive event that is watched by millions of people around the world. The College Football Championship is also a great way for college football fans to come together and show their support for their favorite teams.</p>
<p>College football is an exciting and popular sport that has a long and rich history. The College Football Championship is an important event that celebrates the best teams in the nation and provides an opportunity for fans to come together and show their support for their favorite teams. The College Football Championship is a great way to celebrate the sport and recognize the hard work and dedication of the players, coaches, and teams that make college football so great.</p>