---
layout: post
title: Tom Brady
---

<p>Tom Brady is an American football quarterback who has been playing in the National Football League (NFL) since 2000. He is widely considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks in NFL history and has won six Super Bowls, the most of any player in NFL history. He has also been selected to 14 Pro Bowls, the most of any player in NFL history.</p>
<p>Brady was born in San Mateo, California in 1977 and attended Junípero Serra High School in San Mateo. He then went on to the University of Michigan where he played college football for the Wolverines. Brady was selected by the New England Patriots in the sixth round of the 2000 NFL Draft. He was the 199th overall pick and was the fourth quarterback taken in the draft.</p>
<p>Brady quickly established himself as one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL and led the Patriots to five Super Bowl championships in his first nine seasons with the team. He was named the MVP of Super Bowl XXXVI, XXXVIII, and XLIX, and was also named the MVP of the regular season in 2007, 2010, and 2017.</p>
<p>In 2016, Brady was suspended for four games due to his involvement in the “Deflategate” scandal. He was found to have been aware of the use of deflated footballs during the 2015 AFC Championship game. Despite the suspension, Brady led the Patriots to a Super Bowl LI victory over the Atlanta Falcons.</p>
<p>Brady is known for his work ethic and preparation. He is known for his film study and for spending extra time in the film room and on the practice field. He is also known for his intense conditioning and diet. Brady has been a vegan since 2014 and his diet consists mostly of vegetables, fruits, and nuts.</p>
<p>Brady is also known for his charitable work. He has been involved in many philanthropic endeavors, including the Best Buddies Challenge, the Tom Brady Foundation, and the TB12 Foundation. He also works with the Boys &amp; Girls Clubs of America, the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute.</p>
<p>Tom Brady is one of the most accomplished and successful players in NFL history. He is widely considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time and has won six Super Bowls, the most of any player in NFL history. He is also known for his hard work and dedication to the game, as well as his charitable work. Brady is a true NFL legend and will be remembered for many years to come.</p>