---
layout: post
title: KNICKS
---

<p>The New York Knicks are one of the most iconic and beloved franchises in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team has been a part of the league since 1946 and has had a long history of success, highlighted by two NBA Championships in 1970 and 1973. The team has also been a part of some of the most memorable moments in NBA history, such as the “Frozen Moment” in Game 7 of the 1970 NBA Finals and the “Shot” by John Starks in Game 7 of the 1994 Eastern Conference Finals.</p>
<p>The Knicks have a long and storied history of great players and coaches. From Walt Frazier and Willis Reed in the 70s to Patrick Ewing and Charles Oakley in the 90s, the Knicks have always been able to attract some of the best players in the NBA. The team has also had some of the greatest coaches in the league, such as Red Holzman and Pat Riley.</p>
<p>The Knicks have also had some of the most passionate fans in the NBA. The team has sold out Madison Square Garden for the past several years and the Knicks have one of the largest fan bases in the league. The team has also had some of the most recognizable and beloved players in the league, such as Carmelo Anthony and Kristaps Porzingis.</p>
<p>The Knicks have gone through some tough times in recent years, but the team is still one of the most popular franchises in the NBA. The team is currently in the process of rebuilding and is looking to get back to its winning ways. The team has a talented young core of players and is looking to add to it in the upcoming draft.</p>
<p>The Knicks have a long and proud history and are one of the most iconic franchises in the NBA. The team has had its share of ups and downs, but the team is still beloved by its fans and is looking to return to its winning ways in the near future. The Knicks are a team that is sure to remain a part of NBA history for years to come.</p>