---
layout: post
title: Morgan Wallen
---

<p>Morgan Wallen is a rising country music star who has quickly become one of the most popular artists in the genre. He has released two studio albums, If I Know Me in 2018 and Dangerous: The Double Album in 2021. His debut album reached number one on the Billboard 200 chart and his second album debuted at number one on the all-genre Billboard 200 chart.</p>
<p>Wallen was born in Sneedville, Tennessee in 1993 and grew up in the small town of East Tennessee. His parents both worked in the music industry and he was exposed to music from a young age. He started singing in church and at school events and eventually started writing and performing his own songs.</p>
<p>Wallen signed a record deal with Big Loud Records in 2018 and released his debut album, If I Know Me. The album featured singles such as “Up Down” and “Whiskey Glasses”, which both reached the top five on the Billboard Country Airplay chart. His second album, Dangerous: The Double Album, was released in 2021 and was even more successful than his debut album. The singles “7 Summers”, “More Than My Hometown”, and “Wasted On You” all reached the top five on the Billboard Country Airplay chart.</p>
<p>Wallen’s music has been praised for its mix of traditional country and modern pop influences. He has been compared to other popular country artists such as Luke Combs, Thomas Rhett, and Sam Hunt. His music has also been praised for its thoughtful lyrics and catchy melodies.</p>
<p>In addition to his music, Wallen is also known for his outgoing personality and love of performing. He has made numerous television appearances, including performances on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, The Ellen DeGeneres Show, and The Late Late Show with James Corden. He has also been featured in many magazine interviews and has become a popular figure on social media.</p>
<p>Wallen has become a major force in country music and is on his way to becoming one of the biggest stars in the genre. His music is popular with both country fans and pop fans alike and he is quickly becoming one of the most recognizable faces in the genre. With his unique sound and engaging personality, Morgan Wallen is sure to be a star for many years to come.</p>