---
layout: post
title: Kellie Pickler
---

<p>Kellie Pickler is an American country music singer and television personality. She first gained fame as a contestant on the fifth season of American Idol in 2006, where she placed sixth. Since then, Pickler has released two albums, Small Town Girl and Kellie Pickler, and has had several hit singles, including “Red High Heels”, “Best Days of Your Life”, and “Didn’t You Know How Much I Loved You”.</p>
<p>Pickler was born in Albemarle, North Carolina, but was raised in the nearby town of Stanly. She was the sixth of nine children, and her parents divorced when she was two. She was raised by her grandmother and great-grandmother, who taught her the importance of hard work and dedication. It was this work ethic that eventually led her to audition for American Idol in 2005.</p>
<p>Pickler’s time on American Idol was marked by her bubbly personality and unique style. She quickly became a fan favorite and made it to the final six. She was eliminated in the sixth week, but her popularity only grew after her appearance on the show. In 2006, she signed a record deal with 19 Recordings/BNA Records and released her debut album, Small Town Girl. The album peaked at number one on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart and was certified gold.</p>
<p>Pickler’s second album, Kellie Pickler, was released in 2008 and was certified gold. The album featured the hit single “Didn’t You Know How Much I Loved You”, which peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. She followed up the success of her second album with the release of her third album, 100 Proof, in 2012. The album was certified gold and featured the hit single “Someone Somewhere Tonight”.</p>
<p>In addition to her music career, Pickler has also found success as a television personality. She was a co-host of CMT’s Can You Duet and appeared on the fourth season of Dancing with the Stars, where she finished in sixth place. She also competed on the reality show I Love Kellie Pickler, which aired on CMT.</p>
<p>Pickler has also been involved in numerous charitable causes. In 2011, she became a spokesperson for St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital and has since participated in numerous fundraising events for the organization. She is also an ambassador for Operation Smile, an international children’s charity that provides free surgeries for children born with facial deformities.</p>
<p>Kellie Pickler is an inspiring example of a hardworking woman who has achieved success in both her music and television career. Her determination and dedication to her craft have earned her the admiration of millions of fans and earned her a place as one of country music’s most beloved stars.</p>