---
layout: post
title: Arsenal
---

<p>Football Club</p>
<p>Arsenal Football Club is one of the most successful and popular clubs in the English Premier League. Founded in 1886, the club has won 13 League titles, a record 13 FA Cups, two League Cups, and 15 Community Shields. The club is also the only club in England to have gone a full season unbeaten in the Premier League, which they achieved in the 2003/04 season.</p>
<p>The club has a long and illustrious history, with some of the greatest players in the world having worn the red and white of Arsenal. The club was founded by local businessmen in 1886 as Dial Square, and renamed Royal Arsenal in 1891. The club was then renamed Woolwich Arsenal in 1893 after the club moved to the Woolwich area of London. In 1913 the club moved to their current home, the Emirates Stadium.</p>
<p>Arsenal have had some of the greatest managers in the history of the game, including Herbert Chapman, George Graham, Arsene Wenger, and Unai Emery. Chapman was the first manager to bring success to the club, winning the League title in 1931 and 1933, as well as the FA Cup in 1930 and 1936. George Graham then brought further success to the club, winning the League title in 1989 and 1991, as well as the FA Cup in 1993 and 1998.</p>
<p>Arsene Wenger is the most successful manager in the history of the club, having won three League titles and seven FA Cups during his time in charge. Wenger also led the club to the 2006 Champions League Final, where they were defeated by Barcelona.</p>
<p>The current manager of the club is Unai Emery, who was appointed in 2018. Emery has won the UEFA Europa League with the club, as well as taking them to the 2019 UEFA Europa League Final. He has also guided the club to two successive top four finishes in the Premier League.</p>
<p>The current squad is a mix of experienced players, such as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Alexandre Lacazette, and David Luiz, as well as younger players, such as Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Martinelli, and Matteo Guendouzi. The club also has a number of talented academy players, such as Reiss Nelson, Joe Willock, and Eddie Nketiah.</p>
<p>Arsenal are one of the most successful and popular clubs in the world. The club has a long and illustrious history, and has been home to some of the greatest players and managers in the game. The current squad is a mix of experienced players, as well as some of the best young talent in Europe. With Unai Emery at the helm, the future looks bright for Arsenal Football Club.</p>