---
layout: post
title: Aston Villa vs Arsenal
---

<p>The Aston Villa vs Arsenal match has long been a classic rivalry in English football. The two sides first met in the Football League in 1893 and have since played each other more than 150 times. The rivalry has been fierce over the years and both teams have had periods of dominance.</p>
<p>In the early years of the rivalry, Aston Villa were the more successful team. They won the league title in 1895, 1897, 1899 and 1900 and were runners-up in 1898 and 1901. They also won the FA Cup in 1905 and 1913. Arsenal, on the other hand, had to wait until 1930 to win their first league title.</p>
<p>The rivalry really heated up in the 1950s and 60s. In the 1950-51 season, Aston Villa won the league title and Arsenal finished second. The following season, Arsenal won the league title and Aston Villa finished second. This pattern continued for the next few seasons, with both teams regularly finishing in the top two.</p>
<p>In the 1970s and 80s, the rivalry cooled off somewhat as both teams had periods of success and failure. However, in the 1990s the rivalry was reignited. In the 1992-93 season, Arsenal won the league title and Aston Villa finished second. This was the first time since the 1950s and 60s that both teams had finished in the top two.</p>
<p>The rivalry has continued to this day and both teams have had periods of success and failure. In the 2019-20 season, Aston Villa managed to stay in the Premier League while Arsenal finished 8th. The two sides have met twice this season, with Arsenal winning both matches.</p>
<p>The rivalry between Aston Villa and Arsenal is one of the fiercest in English football and it has been going strong for over 100 years. Both teams have had periods of success and failure, but the rivalry remains as strong as ever. The two sides will meet again soon and it is sure to be an exciting match.</p>