---
layout: post
title: Dallas Cowboys
---

<p>The Dallas Cowboys are one of the most iconic teams in the National Football League (NFL) and have been a staple of the league since their inception in 1960. The team has been a perennial powerhouse and has won five Super Bowls, eight conference championships, and 22 division championships. The Cowboys have had some of the greatest players in NFL history, including Hall of Famers such as Troy Aikman, Emmitt Smith and Michael Irvin.</p>
<p>The Cowboys are based in Dallas, Texas and play their home games at AT&amp;T Stadium, which is one of the most impressive and modern stadiums in the NFL. The team is owned by Jerry Jones, who purchased the team in 1989 and has been the driving force behind the team’s success.</p>
<p>The Cowboys have had some of the most successful seasons in NFL history, including their three Super Bowl victories in the 1990s. The team has also had some of the most memorable moments in NFL history, including “The Catch” by Michael Irvin in the 1995 NFC Championship game and “The Hail Mary” by Tony Romo in the 2006 Wild Card game.</p>
<p>The Cowboys have had a long and storied rivalry with the Washington Redskins, which began in 1960 and has been one of the most heated rivalries in the NFL. The Cowboys have had the upper hand in the rivalry, winning the majority of their games against the Redskins.</p>
<p>The Cowboys have also had some of the most iconic uniforms in NFL history, with their iconic blue and white star logo and their classic silver helmets. The team has also had some of the most recognizable players in NFL history, such as Dez Bryant and Dak Prescott.</p>
<p>The Cowboys have been one of the most successful teams in the NFL and have been a staple of the league for over 60 years. The team has had some of the greatest players in NFL history, some of the most memorable moments, and some of the most iconic uniforms. The Cowboys have had a long and storied rivalry with the Washington Redskins and have had the upper hand in the rivalry. The team has been owned by Jerry Jones since 1989 and has been the driving force behind the team’s success. The Cowboys are one of the most iconic teams in the NFL and will continue to be a staple of the league for years to come.</p>