---
layout: post
title: Buzz Aldrin
---

<p>Buzz Aldrin is a renowned American astronaut who is best known for being the second person to walk on the moon. He was part of the Apollo 11 mission, which was the first time humans landed on the moon. Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930, in Montclair, New Jersey. He was the son of a US Air Force colonel and spent his early years living in various military bases. Aldrin attended West Point and graduated third in his class in 1951. After graduating, he was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the US Air Force and went on to become a fighter pilot.</p>
<p>In 1963, Aldrin was selected to be part of the third group of astronauts and was assigned to the Gemini 12 mission. During this mission, he performed the first successful spacewalk. In 1969, he was part of the Apollo 11 mission, which was the first time humans had ever landed on the moon. Aldrin and Neil Armstrong were the first two people to walk on the moon. Aldrin spent two and a half hours on the moon's surface, collecting samples and taking photographs.</p>
<p>After his time in the space program, Aldrin returned to the Air Force and retired in 1972. He then worked as a consultant for NASA, and he also wrote several books about his experiences in space. He was also a vocal advocate for space exploration and colonization. In 2011, he received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama.</p>
<p>Aldrin is an iconic figure in American history. He is an inspiration to generations of people who have dreamed of exploring space. He has also been an advocate for space exploration and colonization, and his work has helped to make space exploration a reality. Aldrin's legacy is one of courage and exploration, and he will always be remembered as one of the greatest American astronauts of all time.</p>