---
layout: post
title: Kelsea Ballerini
---

<p>Kelsea Ballerini is a country music singer and songwriter who has achieved a great deal of success in the music industry. Born in Knoxville, Tennessee in 1993, Ballerini has been singing and writing songs since she was a young girl. She was signed to Black River Entertainment in 2014 and has since released three studio albums, including her most recent, kelsea, which debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Country Albums chart.</p>
<p>Ballerini first gained attention with the release of her debut single, “Love Me Like You Mean It,” in 2014. The song quickly rose to the top of the Billboard Country Airplay chart and earned Ballerini her first No. 1 hit. She followed up with the release of her debut album, The First Time, in 2015, which produced two more No. 1 singles, “Dibs” and “Peter Pan.”</p>
<p>In 2016, Ballerini released her second studio album, Unapologetically, which featured the No. 1 single “Legends.” The album earned Ballerini her first Grammy nomination for Best Country Album. She also released a deluxe edition of the album, which included the No. 1 single “Miss Me More.”</p>
<p>Ballerini’s third studio album, kelsea, was released in 2020. The album was led by the singles “homecoming queen?” and “club.” Both singles reached the top of the Billboard Country Airplay chart and earned Ballerini her fourth and fifth No. 1 hits.</p>
<p>In addition to her music career, Ballerini is also an actress. She made her acting debut in the 2018 Netflix original movie, The Christmas Chronicles. She also appeared in the 2020 Netflix original movie, The Christmas Chronicles 2.</p>
<p>Ballerini has also been involved in philanthropic work. In 2019, she partnered with the charity Musicians on Call to give back to the community by bringing music to hospital patients. Ballerini is also an ambassador for the charity Soles4Souls, which works to provide shoes to those in need.</p>
<p>Kelsea Ballerini is a talented singer and songwriter who has achieved great success in the music industry. She has released three studio albums, all of which have produced No. 1 hits. She has also made a name for herself as an actress and philanthropist. Ballerini is an inspiration to many and is sure to continue to achieve success in the years to come.</p>