---
layout: post
title: Celtics
---

<p>The Boston Celtics are an American professional basketball team based in Boston, Massachusetts. The Celtics compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the league's Eastern Conference Atlantic Division. Founded in 1946 as one of the league's original eight teams, the team play their home games at the TD Garden, which they share with the National Hockey League (NHL)'s Boston Bruins. The Celtics are one of the most successful teams in NBA history; they have won the most championships of any NBA franchise with 17, accounting for 23.9 percent of all NBA championships since the league's founding.</p>
<p>The Celtics have a notable rivalry with the Los Angeles Lakers, who have won 16 NBA championships and are also members of the Atlantic Division. The rivalry is one of the most well-known rivalries in North American professional sports, with ESPN ranking it as the best in the NBA.</p>
<p>The Celtics have featured many of the NBA's biggest stars throughout their history, including Bill Russell, Bob Cousy, John Havlicek, Larry Bird, Kevin McHale, Paul Pierce, and Rajon Rondo. They have also had some of the best coaches in NBA history, including Red Auerbach, Tom Heinsohn, and K.C. Jones.</p>
<p>The Celtics have a long and storied history. The team was founded in 1946 as a charter member of the Basketball Association of America (BAA), which later became the National Basketball Association. The Celtics were one of the league's first eight teams, and the only one to survive the league's first decade. Led by coach Red Auerbach and All-Star center Bill Russell, the Celtics won eight consecutive NBA championships in the 1960s, the first NBA dynasty. The team's run of eight consecutive championships is the longest championship streak in U.S. professional sports history.</p>
<p>The Celtics have continued to be successful in the modern era, winning their 17th NBA championship in 2008 with the help of Kevin Garnett, Paul Pierce, and Ray Allen. The team has also had success in the draft, selecting future Hall of Famers such as Larry Bird, Kevin McHale, and Rajon Rondo.</p>
<p>The Celtics are one of the most successful franchises in NBA history. With their 17 championships, 23 conference titles, and 21 division titles, the Celtics have established themselves as one of the most successful teams in the NBA. The team has also had a long and storied history, featuring some of the best players and coaches to ever play the game. The Celtics are an iconic team that will continue to be a part of the NBA for many years to come.</p>