---
layout: post
title: Matteo Messina Denaro
---

<p>Matteo Messina Denaro is a Sicilian mafia boss who has been on the run since 1993. He is believed to be the current leader of the Cosa Nostra, the Sicilian mafia. He is one of the most wanted criminals in Italy and is believed to be hiding out in the province of Trapani, Sicily.</p>
<p>Matteo Messina Denaro was born in Castelvetrano, Sicily, on April 26, 1962. He is the son of Francesco Messina Denaro, who was the leader of the Cosa Nostra in the province of Trapani. As a young man, he was involved in the drug trade and other criminal activities. He rose through the ranks of the mafia quickly, and by the age of 30 he had become one of the most powerful mobsters in Sicily.</p>
<p>In 1993, he was indicted for a number of crimes, including murder, extortion, and drug trafficking. He was also accused of involvement in the murder of anti-mafia judge Giovanni Falcone. He went into hiding and has not been seen since.</p>
<p>In the years since his disappearance, Messina Denaro has become a symbol of the Sicilian mafia. He has been featured in books, films, and television shows. He is seen as a Robin Hood-like figure by some, while others view him as a ruthless criminal.</p>
<p>The Italian government has offered a reward of €5 million for information leading to his capture. Despite this, he has managed to evade capture for more than two decades. He is believed to be living in a villa in the province of Trapani, where he is protected by a network of loyal followers.</p>
<p>Despite his long absence from public life, Messina Denaro remains a powerful figure in the Sicilian underworld. He is believed to be involved in a wide range of criminal activities, including drug trafficking and money laundering. He is also suspected of ordering a number of murders.</p>
<p>In recent years, the Italian authorities have made a number of arrests in connection with Messina Denaro. In 2016, a number of his associates were arrested in Palermo. In 2017, a major mafia trial was held in Palermo, where a number of his associates were convicted of a range of crimes.</p>
<p>The hunt for Messina Denaro continues, but it appears that he is still at large. He remains one of the most wanted criminals in Italy, and his capture would be a major victory for the Italian authorities. Until then, he remains a powerful and elusive figure in the Sicilian underworld.</p>