---
layout: post
title: Harry Styles
---

<p>Harry Styles is a singer, songwriter, and actor who rose to fame as a member of the popular boy band One Direction. Born in Redditch, England in 1994, Styles began his career in 2010 when he auditioned for The X Factor. He was eventually put into a group with four other contestants and the group became known as One Direction. The group achieved massive success and sold millions of albums and concert tickets around the world.</p>
<p>After the group went on an indefinite hiatus in 2016, Styles began his solo career. He released his self-titled debut album in 2017, which featured the hit singles “Sign of the Times” and “Sweet Creature”. His second album, Fine Line, was released in 2019 and featured the singles “Lights Up” and “Adore You”. His third album, “Love on Tour”, was released in 2020 and featured the singles “Golden” and “Watermelon Sugar”.</p>
<p>Styles has also ventured into acting. He made his acting debut in the 2017 war drama Dunkirk and has since appeared in the movies Don’t Worry Darling, My Policeman, and the upcoming psychological thriller Don’t Worry Darling.</p>
<p>In addition to his music and acting career, Styles is also an advocate for social issues. He has been a vocal supporter of LGBTQ rights and has spoken out against racism. He has also been a vocal supporter of the Black Lives Matter movement and donated to the cause.</p>
<p>Styles’ music has been praised for its eclectic mix of styles, ranging from pop to rock to folk. His lyrics often explore themes of love, heartbreak, and self-discovery. He is known for his soft, emotive vocals and his ability to connect with his audience.</p>
<p>In 2020, Styles was named one of Time magazine’s 100 Most Influential People. He was also listed in the Forbes 30 under 30 list and was named one of GQ’s Most Stylish Men of the Year.</p>
<p>Styles’ career has been a remarkable success and he is one of the most successful solo artists to come out of One Direction. His music has resonated with fans around the world and he has become a role model for many. With his unique style, vocal talent, and advocacy for social issues, Styles is sure to continue to be a force in the music industry for years to come.</p>