---
layout: post
title: Leicester City vs Tottenham
---

<p>Hotspur</p>
<p>Leicester City and Tottenham Hotspur are two of the most successful clubs in the English Premier League, and their rivalry is one of the most intense in the league. Leicester City and Tottenham Hotspur have a long history of competition, dating back to the early days of the Premier League in the early 1990s. The two clubs have met a total of 151 times in all competitions, with Tottenham Hotspur having the edge in terms of victories, with 64 wins compared to Leicester City's 46.</p>
<p>The rivalry between Leicester City and Tottenham Hotspur has intensified in recent years due to the success of both clubs in the Premier League. Leicester City have won the Premier League title in 2016, while Tottenham Hotspur have been in the top four for the past five seasons. This has led to some high-stakes meetings between the two sides, with both teams looking to gain an edge over their rivals.</p>
<p>The most recent meeting between Leicester City and Tottenham Hotspur took place in December 2020, with Tottenham Hotspur emerging victorious with a 2-0 victory. The game was an intense affair, with both teams looking to gain the upper hand in the race for the top four. Tottenham Hotspur's victory was largely due to their superior attacking play, with goals from Harry Kane and Son Heung-min proving to be the difference between the two sides.</p>
<p>The rivalry between Leicester City and Tottenham Hotspur has been further intensified by the transfer of players between the two clubs. In recent years, both clubs have made moves to sign players from each other, with the most notable example being the transfer of England international Jamie Vardy from Leicester City to Tottenham Hotspur in the summer of 2020. This move has added an extra layer of spice to the rivalry, as both sides look to gain an edge in the transfer market.</p>
<p>The rivalry between Leicester City and Tottenham Hotspur is one of the most intense in the Premier League, and the two clubs are sure to continue to battle it out for supremacy in the coming years. The next meeting between the two sides is sure to be an intriguing affair, as both teams look to gain an edge over their rivals. With Leicester City and Tottenham Hotspur both looking to challenge for the top four this season, the rivalry between the two sides is sure to continue to be an intense one.</p>