---
layout: post
title: Best Super Bowl commercials
---

<p>The Super Bowl is an annual event that is watched by millions of viewers across the world. As such, it is a prime opportunity for companies to showcase their products and services in the form of commercials. Every year, the Super Bowl commercials are highly anticipated and discussed among viewers. Some commercials become iconic and are remembered for years to come. Here is a look at some of the best Super Bowl commercials of all time.</p>
<p>The Budweiser Frogs commercial from 1995 is one of the most iconic Super Bowl commercials of all time. The commercial features three frogs, named Bud, Weis, and Er, sitting on a lily pad and croaking out the brand’s name. The commercial was an instant hit and the frogs became iconic mascots for the brand.</p>
<p>Another classic Super Bowl commercial is Apple’s 1984 commercial. The commercial aired during the 1984 Super Bowl and featured a dystopian world ruled by a giant screen with a Big Brother-like figure on it. The commercial ends with a woman throwing a sledgehammer at the screen, symbolizing the power of the individual to fight back against conformity. The commercial was an instant hit and is still remembered today.</p>
<p>The E-Trade baby commercial from 2008 is another memorable Super Bowl commercial. The commercial features a baby talking about the stock market and how easy it is to invest with E-Trade. The commercial was an instant hit and the baby quickly became a recognizable mascot for the company.</p>
<p>The Doritos “Crash the Super Bowl” commercials from 2006-2009 are some of the most popular Super Bowl commercials of all time. The campaign allowed amateur filmmakers to submit their own Doritos commercials for a chance to have their commercial aired during the Super Bowl. The commercials were always creative and entertaining, making them some of the most memorable Super Bowl commercials of all time.</p>
<p>Finally, the Volkswagen “The Force” commercial from 2011 is one of the most beloved Super Bowl commercials of all time. The commercial features a young boy dressed up as Darth Vader and trying to use “the force” to start his dad’s car. The commercial was an instant hit and has since become an iconic Super Bowl commercial.</p>
<p>These are just a few of the best Super Bowl commercials of all time. Every year, new commercials are created and become instant classics. As the Super Bowl continues to be one of the most watched events in the world, it is sure to continue to be a platform for some of the most memorable and creative commercials of all time.</p>