---
layout: post
title: Kyrie Irving
---

<p>Kyrie Irving is one of the most talented and exciting basketball players in the NBA today. The 6-foot-3 guard has been an All-Star four times and was the MVP of the 2016 NBA Finals. He has been the face of the Boston Celtics since he was traded to the team in 2017, and is widely considered to be one of the best players in the league.</p>
<p>Irving was born in Melbourne, Australia, but moved to the United States when he was two years old. He grew up in West Orange, New Jersey, and attended St. Patrick High School in Elizabeth, New Jersey. He was a highly rated recruit, and was named the Gatorade National Player of the Year in 2010.</p>
<p>Irving was selected first overall in the 2011 NBA Draft by the Cleveland Cavaliers. He quickly became a fan favorite, and was named the NBA Rookie of the Year in 2012. He went on to have a successful career in Cleveland, and was a key member of the 2016 championship team.</p>
<p>In 2017, Irving was traded to the Boston Celtics. He has been a leader for the team ever since, and was named an All-Star for the fourth time in 2018. He is known for his clutch shooting, and has hit multiple game-winning shots during his career.</p>
<p>Off the court, Irving is an outspoken advocate for social justice and has been involved in multiple charitable causes. He has also been a vocal supporter of the WNBA and has been a vocal advocate for women’s rights.</p>
<p>Irving is a dynamic player on the court, and is one of the most exciting players to watch in the NBA. His ability to score from anywhere on the court makes him a dangerous offensive weapon, and his leadership skills have been invaluable to the Celtics. He is a four-time All-Star and a champion, and is a surefire Hall of Fame candidate. Kyrie Irving is one of the best players in the NBA and is sure to be a part of many more successful teams in the future.</p>