---
layout: post
title: Tom Sizemore
---

<p>Tom Sizemore is an American actor who has been in the business since the early 1990s. He is best known for his roles in films such as Saving Private Ryan, Black Hawk Down, and Pearl Harbor. He has also had roles in television shows such as CSI: Miami and 24.</p>
<p>Sizemore was born in Detroit, Michigan in 1961. He began his acting career in the early 1990s, appearing in small roles in films such as True Romance, Natural Born Killers, and Heat. He gained more recognition for his roles in films such as Saving Private Ryan, Black Hawk Down, and Pearl Harbor. In the 2000s, he appeared in a number of films including The Salton Sea, Dreamcatcher, and Red Planet.</p>
<p>Sizemore has had a number of high-profile roles on television as well. He was a series regular on the show Robbery Homicide Division, and had recurring roles on 24 and CSI: Miami. He has also had guest spots on shows such as Law and Order: SVU, The X-Files, and The Sopranos.</p>
<p>Sizemore has had a number of personal issues throughout his career. He has been arrested multiple times on charges of drug possession and assault. He was also accused of domestic violence in 2003, and was sentenced to six months in jail.</p>
<p>Despite his personal issues, Sizemore has continued to work in the entertainment industry. He has appeared in a number of independent films and television shows, and has also done voice work for video games such as Grand Theft Auto V and Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare.</p>
<p>Sizemore is known for his intense and powerful performances, and he has been praised by critics for his roles in films such as Saving Private Ryan and Black Hawk Down. He has also been nominated for a number of awards, including a Golden Globe for his performance in Saving Private Ryan.</p>
<p>Tom Sizemore is an actor who has been in the business for over 25 years. He has had a number of high-profile roles in films and television, and has been praised by critics for his intense and powerful performances. Despite his personal issues, Sizemore has continued to work in the entertainment industry, and is still making an impact in the world of film and television.</p>