---
layout: post
title: Brock Purdy
---

<p>Brock Purdy is one of the most exciting players in college football. The Iowa State Cyclones quarterback is a dual-threat athlete who has the ability to make plays with both his arm and his legs. He has become one of the most dynamic quarterbacks in the Big 12 Conference and is a leader on the field for the Cyclones.</p>
<p>Brock Purdy was born in Austin, Texas and attended Perry High School. He was rated as a three-star recruit by 247Sports and was ranked as the No. 33 dual-threat quarterback in the nation. He committed to Iowa State in June of 2017 and was the first quarterback to commit to the Cyclones in the 2017 recruiting cycle.</p>
<p>Purdy made his college debut against the Iowa Hawkeyes in 2018 and quickly made an impact. He threw for 250 yards and two touchdowns in the game and also rushed for another touchdown. He set the school record for most passing yards in a game by a freshman and was named the Big 12 Offensive Player of the Week for his performance.</p>
<p>Purdy continued to impress during his freshman season and was named the starter for the 2019 season. He had an outstanding year, throwing for 3,982 yards and 27 touchdowns. He also rushed for 604 yards and nine touchdowns. He was named the Big 12 Offensive Player of the Year and was a finalist for the Davey O’Brien Award, given to the nation’s top quarterback.</p>
<p>In 2020, Purdy led Iowa State to an 8-3 record and a berth in the Fiesta Bowl. He threw for 2,530 yards and 17 touchdowns and rushed for 518 yards and nine touchdowns. He was named the Big 12 Offensive Player of the Year for the second consecutive season and was also named a finalist for the Davey O’Brien Award.</p>
<p>Brock Purdy is one of the most exciting players in college football. He has the ability to make plays with both his arm and his legs and is a leader on the field for the Cyclones. He is a two-time Big 12 Offensive Player of the Year and a two-time finalist for the Davey O’Brien Award. He has the potential to be one of the best quarterbacks in college football and will be a key player for the Cyclones in 2021.</p>