---
layout: post
title: Dave Hollis
---

<p>Dave Hollis is an American business executive, entrepreneur, author, and public speaker. He is best known for his work as the former president of Theatrical Distribution for The Walt Disney Studios, where he was responsible for the worldwide release of such films as Star Wars: The Force Awakens, Beauty and the Beast, and Black Panther. He is also the founder and CEO of The Hollis Company, a media and technology company focused on helping people create better lives for themselves.</p>
<p>Dave Hollis was born in Chicago, Illinois and grew up in the suburbs. He attended the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where he earned a degree in Finance and Investment. After college, he began his career in the entertainment industry, working for a number of companies such as Miramax, Lionsgate, and The Walt Disney Studios. During his time at Disney, he was responsible for the worldwide release of some of the most successful films of all time, including Frozen, Zootopia, and Moana.</p>
<p>In 2017, Hollis left Disney to pursue his own entrepreneurial endeavors. He founded The Hollis Company, a media and technology company that focuses on helping people create better lives for themselves. Through The Hollis Company, Hollis has created a platform for people to connect, learn, and grow. He also hosts a weekly podcast, Rise Together, which focuses on topics such as relationships, business, and personal growth.</p>
<p>In addition to his work with The Hollis Company, Hollis is also a sought-after public speaker. He has spoken at events such as the TEDx conference, the Cannes Film Festival, and the South by Southwest Interactive Festival. He has also been featured in publications such as Forbes and The New York Times.</p>
<p>Hollis is also an author. He released his first book, Get Out of Your Own Way, in 2018. The book focuses on helping people break through their own self-imposed limitations and achieve their goals. It has been praised by such figures as Oprah Winfrey and Arianna Huffington.</p>
<p>Hollis is also a philanthropist. He is a board member of the Make-A-Wish Foundation and the Los Angeles Education Partnership. He is also a partner in the Los Angeles Promise Fund, which provides college scholarships to low-income students.</p>
<p>Dave Hollis is an inspiring figure in the business world. Through his work with The Hollis Company, his public speaking engagements, and his philanthropic efforts, Hollis has made a positive impact on the lives of many. He is proof that hard work and dedication can take you far, no matter where you come from.</p>