---
layout: post
title: Shania Twain
---

<p>Shania Twain is a Canadian singer and songwriter who has become one of the most successful female recording artists of all time. She has sold over 100 million records worldwide and is one of the top-selling female artists in history. Twain has won five Grammy Awards and 27 BMI Songwriter Awards.</p>
<p>Twain was born Eilleen Regina Edwards on August 28th, 1965 in Windsor, Ontario, Canada. She was raised by her mother, Sharon, and stepfather, Jerry Twain, in Timmins, Ontario. Twain was the second of five children and was raised in a musical family. She began singing in bars and clubs at the age of 8 and eventually became the lead vocalist in her family's band, The Longshot.</p>
<p>Twain's career began to take off in 1993 when she released her debut album, Shania Twain. The album was a success and spawned the hit single, "What Made You Say That". The album went on to sell over 12 million copies worldwide and was certified diamond in the US.</p>
<p>Twain's follow-up album, The Woman in Me, was released in 1995 and was even more successful than her debut. It sold over 20 million copies worldwide and spawned the hit singles, "Any Man of Mine" and "You Win My Love". The album earned Twain her first Grammy Award for Best Country Album.</p>
<p>Twain's third album, Come On Over, was released in 1997 and was an even bigger success than her previous two albums. It sold over 40 million copies worldwide and spawned the hit singles, "You're Still the One" and "That Don't Impress Me Much". The album earned Twain her second Grammy Award for Best Country Album.</p>
<p>Twain released her fourth and fifth albums, Up! and Greatest Hits, in 2002 and 2004 respectively. Both albums were successful and spawned the hit singles, "I'm Gonna Getcha Good!" and "Party for Two". Twain's most recent album, Now, was released in 2017 and was her first album in 15 years. The album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 chart and spawned the hit single, "Life's About to Get Good".</p>
<p>Twain has been a major influence in country music and has been credited with helping to bridge the gap between country and pop music. She has also been praised for her songwriting, her vocal range, and her ability to write songs that are both commercial and meaningful.</p>
<p>Twain has been married to her former producer, Robert "Mutt" Lange, since 1993. They have a son, Eja, who was born in 2001. Twain is an avid supporter of animal rights and is also involved with various charities. She has her own clothing line, Shania by Stetson, and she has also released a line of fragrances.</p>
<p>Twain is one of the most successful female recording artists of all time. She has sold over 100 million records worldwide and has won five Grammy Awards. She has also been praised for her songwriting, her vocal range, and her ability to write songs that are both commercial and meaningful. Twain is an icon in the music industry and her influence will continue to be felt for years to come.</p>
